
  
  
    
      April 21, 1998
      FIELD(contact person) FIELD(contact title) FIELD(donor) FIELD(address
      1) FIELD(address 2) FIELD(city, state, zip)
      Dear FIELD(contact person),
      My name is Joe Cooper. Last year I was so proud to be named student of
      the year that I thought my chest was going to burst when I was on stage.
      I learned first hand what GILL is all about, giving to others
      unselfishly. This year at the GILL Recognition Party on April 18, 1998
      there was a silent auction sponsored by the students. We as students
      thank you for donating FIELD (we got 98) for the auction.
      I truly believe God had a purpose for me when I walked into the Marion
      County Library and asked the librarian if she could teach me to read. It
      was like a guardian angel had come down to guide my feet into that door
      when she directed me to GILL. I can not begin to tell you how GILL has
      changed my life. All of the staff and my tutor have been so friendly and
      helpful they made me realize that I am a worthwhile human being. I don't
      know why God chose me. I just know he did and I plan to make something of
      my life with GILL’s help. I volunteer for student meetings,
      Leadership Council and speaking engagements.
      Your gift is appreciated by each and every student who will benefit
      from your generosity. GILL truly does make a difference in lives.
      
      Again, I thank you.
      
      Joe Cooper President Student Leadership Council
      P.S. It took me 1 and 1/2 hours to type this on the computer because
      my writing skills need a lot of practice yet, but my tutor helped me with
      only a few words. She is a drill sergeant making me do all the work!
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Employer:
      One of the biggest challenges you face may be to find qualified,
      educated people to fill positions in your company.
      The number of companies reporting a shortage of skilled workers almost
      doubled from 1995 to 1998; from 27 percent to more than 47 percent. Did
      you know that about 20 percent of America's workers have low basic skills
      and 75 percent of unemployed adults have reading or writing
      difficulties?
      Indy Reads is working to change that!
      The literacy statistics change little from year to year.
      Did you know that the combined efforts of all literacy programs in the
      country reach only ten percent of adults with reading problems? The
      Department of Labor estimates business and taxpayers foot a bill of $60
      billion a year; a bill caused by workplace accidents, lost productivity,
      unrealized tax revenues, welfare payments and crime.
      Indy Reads is working to change these statistics, one life at a
      time.
      Since 1984, Indy Reads (formerly the Greater Indianapolis Literacy
      League) has provided tutoring to adults in Marion County reading at the
      very lowest level of literacy. Today, in addition to one-on-one tutoring,
      we offer small group and English as a Second Language tutoring and
      video-based instruction for adults with learning disabilities.
      We bring together dedicated adult learners and committed, well-trained
      volunteers.
      Because we believe everyone in our community should have an
      opportunity to learn to read and write, we are asking you to help by
      sending your contribution to Indy Reads today.
      Indy Reads students make gains in reading, writing and language. They
      gain organization and leadership skills and continually strive to change
      their lives by developing these skills.
      Will you help them change?
      Indy Reads is changing lives, changing families, and changing the
      employment prospects for hundreds of men and women in our community. We
      need your support. Please consider a contribution to Indy Reads.
      Corporate contributors will be acknowledged in our newsletter, annual
      report and on the Indy Reads webpage.
      We hope you will become a partner of Indy Reads as we work to improve
      our community through literacy.
      Thank you for your concern and support of Indy Reads.
      Sincerely,
      Lis Daily, WTHR channel 13 Honorary Chair Corporate Fund Drive Indy
      Reads Annual Campaign
      Mike Curts, Chairperson Indy Reads Annual Campaign
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Donor,
      Your gift can plant the seed of learning in an Indy Reads student like
      Joe Johnson. You can hear how proud Joe is of his garden when you read
      his essay, can't you? Imagine how proud he must be of his writing skills,
      and his reading skills! When he was assigned his first tutor, Joe was
      reading below the first grade level. Today, he and his new tutor are
      exploring the Internet and plotting routes to travel out west while they
      continue to strengthen his reading and writing.
      Joe's tremendous growth in these basic skills is the result of his own
      hard work, and the care and nurturing of his tutors. Your gifts have
      helped him grow, too, by providing the training and support Joe's tutors
      have needed, buying the books, Joe used, and giving him the opportunity
      to meet and learn with other adult learners from Indianapolis and around
      the country.
      We hope the enclosed bookmark, just the right size for a paperback,
      will remind you of Joe and the hundreds of other adults working to
      improve their lives, their families and their community through stronger
      basic skills. We also hope you'll take time out from your spring planting
      to make a gift in honor of Joe's garden. Your gift today will help
      students grow tomorrow.
      Sincerely,
      P.S. Many adults in our community don't enjoy reading the way you and
      I do. Won't you help plant the seed of learning in them through a gift to
      Indy Reads?
    
  

  
  
    
      YOU can be the one to open the door... to a life long dream of adults
      who have never learned to read.
      Here's how YOU can make an important difference in someone's
      life...
      Dear Friends of Literacy,
      We all share a special interest in reading. For some people, learning
      to read has been a lifelong dream. You can help people reach their dreams
      of reading and learning by making a contribution to Indy Reads. Although
      I'm a retired person, today I have a beautiful outlook on life because of
      Indy Reads. When I was working, I couldn't read well enough to accept a
      foreman job, so I turned it down. Now at the age of 67, after six years
      in this organization with wonderful teachers and other leaders, I
      graduated from Indy Reads and I'm studying for my GED. Make your donation
      today so Indy Reads can continue teaching people to read and help them
      achieve their dreams.
      Sincerely yours,
      James T. Moore
      P.S. Your donation will help us all!
    
  

  
  
    
      This summer, more than 300 children ages 4 through 14 will attend the
      YWCA of Indianapolis' "Everyone belongs" Summer Day Camp. And are we
      going to have fun! Our camp staff worked all winter long planning some
      great activities to keep everyone safe and active this summer. We'll be
      swimming, planning sports, going on exciting field trips, helping others
      through community service projects, planning our own camp carnival, and
      joining great clubs like jewelry making, juggling, snack cooking, and
      nature crafts. As you can imagine, a summer like this is expensive to
      provide. And more than 30% of the kids we serve cannot afford the camp
      fee. Won't you help the WYCA provide a great summer for those kids?
      Please contribute to our campership fund today. Provide an Indianapolis
      child with a summer full of fun! 100% of campership contributions
      directly support camp scholarships. Giving levels:$50 club sponsor
      provides supplies needed for one club $100 camper sponsor provides one
      child a whole week of fun at camp. $500 summer sponsor pays for a visit
      from a professional artist, magician, or zookeeper.$1000 summer sponsor
      provides one child a whole summer of camp $2500 field trip sponsor sends
      the whole crew on an educational field trip.
      A response card is enclosed for your convenience. Your contribution
      may be tax deductible.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      In 1985 a group of courageous pioneering women established the YWCA of
      Indianapolis to meet the needs of women, and in 1998 the tradition
      continues. The WYCA of Indianapolis still focuses on, supports, and gives
      empowerment to women and their families. Empowerment refers to meeting
      the needs of girls and women so that they can freely exercise the power
      to determine and direct their lives.
      How does the YWCA differ from other organizations that provide health,
      fitness, social and education services? Our answer to that is, we stay
      focused on our mission of empowerment of women and their families. Each
      prospective and current program is evaluated on the basis of its support
      of one or more aspects of women's needs.
      Please join us as we prepare for and enter into the 21st century.
      
      
      Who We Are? The YWCA is the oldest and largest organization for women
      and girls in the world and is dedicated to the empowerment of women, and
      the elimination of racism in order to attain a common vision of peace,
      justice, freedom, and dignity for all people.
      What We Do? The Indianapolis YWCA is an open, supportive organization
      concerned with women and families; providing opportunities to develop
      skills, knowledge and resources in the areas of health, self-awareness
      and leadership. The Indianapolis YWCA does not have all the answers to
      helping our daughters, sisters, mothers, aunts and friends to address the
      challenges of this era, but we commit this organization to assist in the
      process of improving the quality of life for all women.
      Where We Are? The YWCA is housed at the YWCA Resource and Conference
      Center on 22 beautiful acres of grounds including amenities such as a 50
      meter olympic-size outdoor pool with attached junior and baby pools,
      equipped playground, shelter and picnic areas, basketball court, soccer
      and softball fields. YWCA programs are carried out on the YWCA campus, in
      schools, shelters, public housing communities, correctional facilities
      and other locations throughout central Indiana.
      What Makes All of This Possible? In 1997 The United Way of Central
      Indiana generously assisted us with 25% of our budgetary needs;
      government and other foundation grants made up an additional 23%; and
      program fees and contribution from people like you provided the other
      52%. A tax-deductible gift to the YWCA is an investment in women and
      their families throughout the Central Indiana area. Our Development
      program offers many giving opportunities to meet your company's or
      family's philanthropic needs to create positive change in your
      community.
      Financial assistance to support programs and services is needed in the
      following areas:
      General Operating Fund: Covers operating expense of facilities and
      Programs.
      Grief and Loss Program: Counseling and learning objectives designed to
      lead incarcerated youth to an understanding of grief and loss related
      influences on their behavior
      Parenting Programs: Counseling and learning objectives designed to
      teach and support skills to incarcerated women that produce healthier,
      more positive relationships with their children primarily to reduce child
      abuse.
      Young Parents Program: A key component in reduction of potential risk
      of child abuse, designed to decrease stress in the parent/child
      relationship enabling the parent to continue school attendance and
      achievement.
      School Age Child Care: Provides affordable, developmentally
      appropriate care of children both before and after school.
      Youth Enrichment: Supplements the school curriculum through exciting
      educational activities at the YWCA facility and other community
      sites.
      Campership: Allows children to learn, play, and develop friendships
      during their summer and holiday vacations.
      Health and Wellness: Encourages a lifelong commitment to maintaining a
      healthy body.
      Breast and Cervical Cancer Program: Provides information on the signs
      and symptoms and assists women in finding and using local resources for
      breast exams, mammographies, and pap smears.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      January 4. 1999
      Dear :
      Girl Scouts Opportunity of Hoosier 'Capital Council' would like to
      invite you to join us in an investment in our future business and
      community leaders. Because of your past support, Girl Scouts has been
      able to reach out to more of our future leaders-our girls.
      Girl Scouts of Hoosier Capital Council has a strong and growing
      membership. We are requesting your continued support, of our Annual
      Campaign to meet the needs of our growing membership.
      Your last gift was ~~~. Please consider an increase in your
      contribution to the Girl Scout Annual Campaign.
      The Girl Scout program offers an array of benefits to our girls and
      adult leaders. Girl Scouts of the U.S.A. commissioned SPEC Associates
      (Social Program Evaluators and Consultants, Inc.) to conduct a National
      Outcomes Study of the Girl Scout program. The results were Overwhelmingly
      positive. Its findings include:
      Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research
      has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well
      being. Girl Scouting unites girls, families, and communities. Girl
      Scouting benefits Parent/child relationships. Girl Scouting benefits
      volunteers by developing their leadership skills and self-confidence.
      Our ability to provide the Girl Scout program to our membership and
      reach out to more girls depends on the generosity of a caring community
      and companies like . Your investment in Girl Scouting is sure to help
      build tomorrow's leaders today
      Sincerely,
      Marie A Pickens Executive Director
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Name:
      Please join me as a shareholder in the Girl Scouts of Hoosier Capital
      Council, Inc. You can be assured that a donation to the Girl Scouts is a
      sound investment opportunity. Contributions will be used to cover program
      and membership costs for girls in financial need; subsidize the cost of
      Girl Scout camp; and provide training and resources to leaders, parents
      and adult volunteers. Additionally, it will help provide the Girl Scout
      experience to girls "at risk" or girls in "hard to serve" areas like the
      Indiana Girls School and the Juvenile Justice Center.
      This year's Annual Appeal goal is $65,000. Please consider a corporate
      donation of $2 Million or more to support Girl Scout programs and
      activities throughout Central Indiana.
      The Annual Appeal is one of two Girl Scout initiatives you will hear
      about in 1996. In addition to this appeal for operating funds, you will
      be contacted to consider making a three year commitment to give to our $2
      million capital campaign. The campaign funds will help provide a resource
      library, training materials and equipment; development of progressive
      math and science programs; and the construction of new centers at three
      of our camp properties.
      Take the first step toward making a difference in the lives of our
      young women and become a shareholder in the Girl Scout vision. Your
      investment in the Annual Appeal is sure to yield high returns.
      Sincerely,
      Charlotte G Fisher Honorary Chair, 1996 Annual Appeal CEO/President of
      Paul Harris Stores, Inc.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      December 3, 1997
      Dear Name,
      Young women are growing up in an ever-changing society. As a
      contributor to the Council in past appeals I know that you are aware of
      our mission---to prepare girls with ethical values, character, a desire
      to succeed and a commitment to their community.
      This letter is our 1997 request to 3~ for a gift to the Annual
      Campaign for support of our operating budget.
      This year's Annual Campaign goal is $65,000. We invite you to consider
      a contribution.
      Your gift, along with the many others we receive, will provide vital
      resources for today's Girl Scouts to become tomorrow's community and
      business leaders. Your investment in Girl Scouting is one that will pay
      dividends for years to come, not only in your community, but in your
      workforce. A recent Lou Harris poll indicates that over 66% of today's
      female business leaders have Girl Scout backgrounds.
      Take a step toward making a difference in the lives of our young woman
      and recommit to the Girl Scout vision. Your investment in the Annual
      Campaign is sure to yield high returns.
      Sincerely,
      Sheron Seward President
    
  

  
  
    
      The answers are endless... The dreams in process.
      Dear Name,
      As a member of the family of Girl Scouts we need your continued
      support to help these dreams become a reality.
      I am sure you are aware that Girl Scouting provides programs which
      help girls to develop values, contribute to their society, and develop to
      their own potential. With so many conflicting pressures in our society
      today-the Girl Scout program is a proven solution and supporting friends
      like you help to make it happen.
      This year's challenge is to keep pace with our growing membership
      through increased levels of support from every facet of the
      organization-board and committee members, staff, volunteers, alumni, and
      other friends. A strong participation is essential to successfully reach
      out to more girls.
      This year 20,349 girls are members of our Council. Your gift to the
      1997 Girl Scout Annual Campaign can ensure that even more girls will
      receive the benefits that Girl Scouting has to offer.
      Today's girls will be tomorrow's leaders---and they're counting on
      YOU!
      Sincerely,
      Sheron Seward President
      P.S. Thank you for your past gift to the Girl Scout Capital Campaign.
      Please consider a gift to our Annual Campaign.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      December 16, 1998
      Dear ,
      Look at the benefits girls participating in Girl Scouts receive. Girl
      Scouts of the U.S.A. commissioned SPEC Associates (Social Program
      Evaluators and Consultants, Inc) to conduct a National Outcomes Study of
      the Girl Scout program The results were overwhelmingly positive. Its
      findings include:
      Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research
      has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well
      being. The nine assets are known to enhance school success, educational
      aspirations, and the development of positive behaviors.
      Girl Scouting unites girls, families, and communities. When asked to
      compare opportunities received in their Girl Scout activities versus
      those in their schools, Girl Scouts at all age levels responded that
      troop activities offered them significantly more chances to achieve
      positive, pro-social outcomes. Girls cited feelings of belonging,
      helpfulness, teamwork, and leadership, while gaining respect for others
      and values and decision making skills. Older girls found that Girl
      Scouting provided even more positive outcomes during the crucial
      adolescent years.
      Girl Scouting benefits parent/child relationships. Parents reported
      significant benefits from Girl Scouting for their daughters and
      themselves. The benefits included sharing more quality time and improved
      relationships with their daughters. Parents also gained friendships with
      other adults and a feeling of giving back to the community.
      Girl Scouting benefits volunteers by developing their leadership
      skills and self-confidence. The study concludes, "In 1912, Juliette
      Gordon Low had a vision. Today that vision is connecting girls, parents,
      and volunteers for opportunities to tap their skiffs, to succeed in their
      lives, an to enrich their relationships with their friends, families, and
      communities."
      Girls are important to us. They have the potential to shape our world
      and make important decisions that will affect us all. Yet they face many
      challenges in their lives. Through outdoor activities, learning projects,
      and community service, Girl Scouting provides girls with the tools to
      face those challenges and make sound decisions. Please join me in making
      a generous contribution to this year's Annual Campaign. Invest in the
      future of girls - the future of us all.
      Sincerely,
      Starla A. Tigg Development Committee Chair
      
    
  

  
  
    
      December 23,1998
      Dear :
      Girl Scouts of Hoosier Capital Council would like to invite you to
      join us in an investment opportunity---an investment in our future
      business and community leaders. Because of your past support, Girl Scouts
      has been able to reach out to more of our future leaders---our girls.
      Girl Scouts of Hoosier Capital Council has a strong and growing
      membership. We are requesting your continued support to meet the needs of
      our growing membership. Please consider a contribution to the Girl Scout
      Annual Campaign.
      The Girl Scout program offers an array of benefits to our girls and
      adult leaders. Girl Scouts of the U.S.A. commissioned SPEC Associates
      (Social Program Evaluators and Consultants, Inc.) to conduct a National
      Outcomes Study of the Girl Scout program. The results were overwhelmingly
      positive. Its findings include:
      Girl Scouting helps girls build nine personal assets which research
      has shown to be essential for children's healthy development and well
      being.
      Girl Scouting unites girls, families, and communities.
      Girl Scouting benefits parent/child relationships.
      Girl Scouting benefits volunteers by developing their leadership
      skills and self-confidence.
      Our ability to provide the Girl Scout program to our membership and
      reach out to more girls depends on the generosity of a caring community
      and companies like. Your investment in Girl Scouting is sure to help
      build tomorrow's leaders today.
      Sincerely,
      Marie A. Pickens Executive Director
    
  

  
  
    
      March 1, 1996
      Dear Name:
      1996 is off to a fast start! And as March begins, we wanted to remind
      you to consider your contribution to the 1996 Annual Appeal. And as you
      do so, Girl Scouts from all over the Hoosier Capital Council invite you
      to test your knowledge of the crucial services funded through Annual
      Appeal dollars.
      "Which of the following services are important to quality Girl Scout
      programming in central Indiana and are funded through revenue generated
      by the Annual Appeal?"
      Library resources including audio/visual aids, flags on loan, and
      books, add to the Girl Scout experience so that girls and volunteers have
      the tools they need to make Girl Scouting a positive learning
      experience.
      Boats, canoes, tents, high adventure equipment, and even the simple
      convenience of stoves and refrigerators create a camping environment
      that's fun, challenging and safe.
      Adult education opportunities give volunteers skills that are helpful
      to their own self-development and in their relationships with girls.
      Liability and property insurance contributes to secure programs for
      girls and adults.
      Quality staff support means girls and adults have advice and
      professional assistance available to them when they need it.
      Communication tools like Safety-Wise, Happenings, along with event
      calendars and other materials, allow volunteers to provide quality,
      informed leadership.
      Four camp properties add to the enjoyment of girls and adults
      throughout the 7 1/2 county area served by Hoosier Capital.
      Staff and maintenance materials for upkeep, paint and repair of
      property help make it possible for everyone to enjoy a clean, safe and
      comfortable environment.
      Every service listed above is a reason for you to give to the 1996
      Annual Appeal. Your annual gift directly funds the council services that
      ensure girls and volunteers will continue to benefit from the quality
      programming of Hoosier capital.
      Please give what you can. it is imperative that we reach the Board of
      Directors' goal of 100% participation.
      On behalf of the girls we serve,
      Janet Baker
      P.S. As you know, this is an extraordinary year for council fund
      raising. Please keep in mind, requests for donations to the Capital
      Campaign are separate and will be made later this month.
    
  

  
  
    
      Girl Scout Memorial and Gift Fund
      In Honor of ... ... those special people who have enriched our lives
      and will be remembered by you with us through the Girl Scout Memorial and
      Gift Fund.
      In Honor of... ...friends and loved ones, who may be honored through
      the Memorial and Gift Fund on many special occasions --- birthdays,
      anniversaries, graduations, engagements, marriages, and promotions.
      Contributions to the Memorial and Gift Fund are used not only to
      perpetuate he memories of those no longer with us, but also to recognize
      good deeds and achievements.
      In Honor of... ....Girl Scouting's many friends who have been the
      recipients of good wishes, we have enhanced our facilities and programs
      to increase the joy that Girl Scouting brings to all girls.
      When a contribution is received, an acknowledgement is sent to both
      the contributor and the individual being honored. In the instance of a
      memorial gift, the card is sent to the family of the deceased.
      Small contributions as well as large are encouraged, and all are tax
      deductible.
      Please use the attached contribution form and send a check today
      to:
      Memorial and Gift Fund GIRL SCOUTS OF HOOSIER CAPITAL COUNCIL 1800
      North Meridian Street Indianapolis, IN 46202
      Share you gift with us.
      Send a contribution today
      In Honor of... ...Girl Scouting.
      THE GIRL SCOUT MISSION "To inspire girls with the highest ideals of
      character, conduct, patriotism, and service so that they may become happy
      and resourceful citizens."
      THE GIRL SCOUT PROMISE On my honor, I will try To serve god and my
      country, To help people at all times, And to live by the Girl Scout
      Law.
      THE GIRL SCOUT LAW I will do my best to be Honest, and fair, Friendly
      and helpful, Considerate and caring, Courageous and strong, and
      Responsible for what I say and do, and to Respect myself and others
      Respect authority Use resources wisely, Make the world a better place,
      and Be a sister to every Girl Scout.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      November 24, 1997
      Dear:
      Now more than ever girls need your support to help their dreams become
      a reality.
      Each generation of girls faces new challenges: new technology, new
      moral issues, new opportunities. Girl Scouts experience a wide range of
      real life skills--first aid, resume writing, and managing money. They
      also reap benefits that are difficult to measure, including enhanced
      self-esteem, greater confidence in their abilities, and the strength and
      conviction to take the lead and excel in their endeavors.
      We start early. As a preventive, informal education program, Girl
      Scouting helps girls relate to others, develop values, contribute to
      their society, and develop their own potential. Resulting in reduced risk
      of teen pregnancy, suicide, truancy, substance abuse and so many other
      crises.
      A gift to the 1997 Girl Scout Annual Campaign helps to ensure that
      girls will continue to receive the benefits that Girl Scouting offers.
      Today's girls will be tomorrow's leaders--and they're counting on
      YOU!
      Sincerely,
      Sheron Seward President
      P.S. Ensure the future of tomorrow's leaders. Please send your check
      today.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      I am sure you will understand my writing to you once more about the
      important work of the American Cancer Society.
      I know that as an important business and community leader, you are
      frequently deluged with requests for funds from worthwhile organizations.
      The American Cancer Society is, of course, such an organization, but it
      is much more than just that. It is the one private, volunteer
      organization that exists to end the menace of cancer, to ease the pain of
      cancer victims and their families, to rehabilitate those who survive, and
      to enlighten and inform both the professional world and lay public about
      the latest developments in cancer.
      Support is needed both to maintain and expand these comprehensive
      programs. Please help the American Cancer Society continue its vital
      work. I would most appreciate receiving your generous check made payable
      to the American Cancer Society and sent to me in the enclosed envelope,
      if you have not already done so.
      Thank you very much.
      Sincerely yours,
    
  

  
  
    
      Gentlemen:
      The goal of the American Cancer Society, __ Unit, is to reach the
      employees and officers of every business in the county with important
      cancer information. An informed public and financially supported research
      program are the keys to the conquest of cancer.
      We are therefore requesting your cooperation. Our free educational
      programs can save lives. Encouraging women to practice breast
      self-examination and smokers to quit smoking are just two areas of cancer
      education. The __ Unit can help your company save money by promoting good
      health practices.
      Our fight also needs financial support. All companies in (City/County)
      will have the opportunity for their employees and officers to contribute
      to the fight against cancer. The donations will enable the __ Unit to
      continue supporting the research, educational and service programs.
      Will you kindly use and return the enclosed envelope, and assure us of
      your enthusiastic participation in the continuation of the excellent work
      of the American Cancer Society.
      Sincerely,
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Doctor & Mrs. Name:
      Just a moment of your time, if you can, to talk about a ten dollar
      bill. True, it won't buy much today, but we are still interested.
      Multiply that ten dollars by our over ___ active supporters and you
      have ___ number of dollars --- not small at all.
      We are asking for your ten dollars to help fund our programs of
      Research, Education, and Patient Service and Rehabilitation.
      We will be grateful for your contribution, and I am sure you will feel
      good about giving. Your check in the enclosed envelope will be greatly
      appreciated.
      Sincerely,
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Mr. & Mrs. Two-Shoes:
      Why should you give $25 to the American Cancer Society?
      If you have had cancer, you already know why. If you had relatives or
      close friends with cancer, you will appreciate our request for money.
      If you have been fortunate thus far, let me explain our need for your
      $25 donation.
      Over __ people each year in __ county are diagnosed as having cancer.
      One out of every four people in the United States will be diagnosed with
      having cancer at one point and time in their life. However, preventive
      measures can reduce the chances of one's contracting cancer.
      Knowledge is a result of research which requires money, and your $25
      donation (or more, if you can) will assure continuation of this research.
      It's your are concerned about. Please use the enclosed envelope so we can
      help you.
      Sincerely,
      O.K. Corral President My Unit
      P.S. --- Enclosed please find a booklet containing lifesaving
      information.
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Mrs. Jones:
      Three a.m. is a rough time to be needing a ride to the hospital...
      Some jobs nobody wants:
      (Name) has cancer, and driving him to the hospital in ___ for
      treatment is one of those jobs nobody wanted. Nobody except American
      Cancer Society volunteers.
      The American Cancer Society is a nonprofit organization that helps
      individuals in ___ County who have cancer. The American Cancer Society
      also has programs of research as well as children thru adult education
      programs. The American Cancer Society helps the community through its
      educational programs, and it helps those individuals in the community who
      have cancer and have nowhere to turn.
      Now the American Cancer Society could use some community support. In
      order to continue our fine programs at the present level and, hopefully,
      to expand them in the future, we need your help. If you would like to
      help us keep going, please send a contribution in the enclosed
      envelope.
      Sincerely,
      A. Neal Banister President B Unit
    
  

  
  
    
      May 22, 1997
      Name Address City, ST, Zip
      Dear Ms. Name:
      I want to thank you for your past support of the Visiting Nurse
      Service Foundation, Inc. It is through support from individuals like
      yourself, that we are able to care for thousands of individuals each year
      who may not otherwise have been able to afford proper home health care or
      even basic services.
      I wanted to briefly share with you some of the specific uses of the
      funds that are donated each year. Our nursing staff has used funds for:
      buying prescriptions for patients who need them, but can not afford them;
      providing transportation to physician's offices for shut in patients;
      paying utility bills when there is an immediate jeopardy of shut off;
      medical supplies not covered by Medicare or other payers; fans and
      heaters for individuals; and even basic needs like food.
      Last year your memorial gift of $5 for hospice care in March gave
      VNSF, Inc. the ability to address the needs of patients I described
      above. I am asking that you consider supporting our efforts once again
      this year with a similar gift.
      Since 1913, we have remained true to our mission of providing quality
      home health care to individuals regardless of their ability to pay. By
      contributing again this year, you will help insure we can continue our
      efforts to needy individuals in Central Indiana. I have enclosed a return
      envelope for your convenience, as well as an overview of the services we
      provide. Thank you in advance for your consideration. I look forward to
      hearing from you soon.
      Sincerely,
      John L. Pipas President and CEO
      Enclosures
    
  

  
  
    
      December 10, 1998
      Mr. & Mrs. John Smith 123 Main Street Indianapolis, IN 46200
      Dear Mr. & Mrs. Smith:
      Holidays are a time for sharing. The sharing of love, of gifts, of
      goodwill towards man. But for many of the children and seniors that
      Visiting Nurse Service cares for, it can also be a troubling time. Nearly
      every day, VNS receives a call about a patient or family in need of home
      care who has limited financial resources. Calls for help from families
      that need the crisis services VNS provides for their children ring
      throughout the season. This is not the ringing that you and I
      traditionally picture during the holiday season.
      But there is something you can do to help. With your gift of sharing,
      we can: provide needed home care services to the most, give emergency
      respite to families of children at risk for neglect or abuse, help
      establish a "Seniors to Seniors" program to provide companionship and
      homemaker services to homebound citizens.
      Visiting Nurse Service has been a part of this community for over 85
      years. Serving the needy has been an important part of our mission. Over
      the last ten years, VNS has delivered over $1 million worth of free
      services to the citizens of Central Indiana. But we can not do it alone.
      We need your help.
      A gift of sharing can bring comfort and hope to those most in need
      during this holiday season. I hope that you will join with us to help
      ease the suffering and indeed ring in a most joyous holiday season.
      Sincerely,
      John L. Pipas President & CEO
    
  

  
  
    
      The Salvation Army 3100 N. Meridian Street Indianapolis, IN
      46208-4718
      June 1, 1999
      Name Address City, ST, Zip
      Dear Mr. Name,
      The Salvation Army received a note not long ago from a woman who makes
      contributions to our programs from time to time. She'd been thinking
      about our Camping program for children.
      Her note explained that while driving through the country recently --
      in a rare moment when she didn't have a lot on her mind -- she found
      herself truly aware of her surroundings. Lush, green fields that
      stretched for miles... wisps of white clouds scattered across a clear,
      blue sky... tranquil silence broken only by cheerful bird songs... the
      fresh, sweet scent of morning air. And she felt a sense of peace, for the
      first time in a long time.
      What a contrast from the city she'd left a few miles back. Filthy
      sidewalks where children play. Boarded-up buildings where people live.
      Blaring sirens and horrendous crime. She recalled a report on TV the
      night before about a teenager who shot an even younger boy to death as
      part of a gang initiation.
      She has a hard time understanding why things like this happen -- why
      some children have no respect for life, not even their own.
      She wondered what would happen if she could take one child from the
      city and place that youngster where she was now -- in the midst of this
      beauty and serenity. What would change for that boy or girl?
      That's when she thought about The Salvation Army's camping program.
      She remembered reading how kids from the Indiana cities spend a week
      every summer at Hidden Falls Camp. They spend most of their time
      outdoors, playing games with new friends, discovering flowers they've
      never seen, and creating treasures from sticks, rocks and leaves. Here,
      kids get their fill of good food, love and attention -- things many of
      them get too little of at home.
      With her note, she enclosed a check for $230 to send one child to camp
      this summer. She'd never given that much money before. But she was
      convinced it would make a difference.
      
      It's hard to explain exactly how camp can change a child's heart. But
      I know it does.
      Kids probably wonder what God looks like. If I could speak to them, I
      would tell them they can see a great deal of God in the trees and stars
      and streams that He created. When they're running with the wind in their
      faces and the sun on their backs... or stepping barefoot onto cool, green
      grass... they would begin to understand what I mean.
      I'm telling you all this because perhaps you, too, are asking
      questions -- why one child takes the life of another... why children feel
      so empty inside that they turn to drugs to fill the void... why they have
      so little self-worth that they value the friendship of thieves and
      killers.
      And perhaps you're also asking, "What can I do?"
      I don't have all the answers. But I am certain of this: You can make a
      difference in one child's life by sending a gift to The Salvation Army's
      camping program.
      It costs approximately $230 to send one boy or girl from Central
      Indiana to camp for a week. That may sound like a lot. However, when you
      consider transportation, food, lodging, crafts, sports, counseling and
      much more, you realize it covers a lot (and equals what you might pay for
      a night or two of lodging at a hotel).
      If you can't sponsor a child for a whole week, perhaps you can send
      enough for half a week -- or even just one day. Your contribution may
      also be used to support our year-round programs for children.
      You see, camp is only the first step. Through the year, we also offer
      a number of different programs -- including scouting, basketball and
      after-school activities -- to help children develop talents, character
      and self-esteem.
      Please prayerfully consider how much you can give... and give just a
      little more.
      I guarantee you'll feel good knowing you've helped us touch a heart.
      Perhaps you'll even save a life. At the very least, you'll give one child
      the chance to see God's face, and feel His love. Often, that's all it
      takes to change a life.
      Blessings,
      Jack C Getz Major DIVISIONAL COMMANDER
      P.S. The list of children who want to attend camp this year grows
      longer every day, and it's important that we send every one of them. With
      your help, no child will be disappointed. Please send your most generous
      gift today.
    
  

  
  
    
      The Salvation Army 3100 N. Meridian Street Indianapolis, IN
      46208-4718
      April 1, 1999
      Dear Friend,
      If The Salvation Army's Red Shield could talk, it might tell you how
      we recently helped a man with diabetes get the insulin he needed... a
      single mother purchase eyeglasses for her first-grade daughter... or an
      elderly widow find the strength to face life on her own...
      I enjoy sharing these small victories with you through my letters.
      After all, your generosity makes them possible.
      I know that from my desk at The Salvation Army, I have a unique
      perspective, and I want you to know without a doubt that we are meeting
      needs -- one person at a time, every day ... all year round. And the
      scope of The Salvation Army's services extends far beyond this community.
      It blankets the country. It covers the globe.
      That's why I believe it's important for you to hear what people
      outside of our ministry are saying about The Salvation Army. Over the
      years, a number of well-respected individuals have spoken out on behalf
      of our mission ... our service ... and our stewardship.
      By endorsing The Salvation Army as a whole, they're supporting our
      efforts here at home, as well. I've enclosed a few of the excerpts I keep
      close at hand. After you read them, I hope you'll feel even more
      confident about the role you play in helping us help others.
      I hope your organization, too, will continue its endorsement of The
      Salvation Army. Your gift today of $25, $50, $125, $250 or more will help
      keep our Red Shield a strong, reputable symbol of hope -- for those we
      assist, as well as for those who are watching!
      Blessings,
      Jack C. Getz Major DIVISIONAL COMMANDER
      P.S. Your gift to The Salvation Army will be used right here in
      Central Indiana.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      June 21, 1999
      Dear Mrs. Name,
      Ted is a single father with three children under 10. He's never been
      on welfare and he's always had a job doing manual labor. Life isn't easy
      for Ted, but he's determined to raise his children himself and be a good
      role model for them. It wasn't always like that. There was a time when he
      felt like he had no choice but to tolerate his wife's constant abuse and
      neglect of their children. Then Ted decided the children deserved a
      chance to start over in another town, no matter how difficult it might
      prove to be.
      What happens when people are living on the edge -- barely able to
      survive –- and an unexpected emergency arises? What happens if they
      can't pay their heating or electric bill because of extreme temperatures?
      What happens if their children get sick? What happens if they get
      sick?
      Starting over can be very hard -- especially for people who don't have
      family or financial resources to draw from in an emergency.
      That's why I'm writing to you today. Through your financial support,
      you've already demonstrated that you want to help genuinely needy people
      begin anew. So, I'd like to give you one more way to make a difference:
      The Salvation Army Care Card.
      Although it can't be used to make purchases or withdraw money from an
      ATM, the value of this Card could be immeasurable -- for the person whose
      life it might change.
      Here's how it works: Simply detach the Care Card from the top of this
      letter and keep it handy. Then, if you know of or come across someone who
      needs our help, please give the card to him or her. It shows our address
      and phone number in Indianapolis, but through our Service Extension
      Office, we can put the person in contact with the volunteer
      representative in Clinton County. We'll welcome their call and do our
      best to help them through the difficult time, so they can get on with
      their lives.
      And just as important, I invite you to renew your partnership with The
      Salvation Army by sending a contribution, once again, today. Your
      donation of $25, $50, $125, $250 or more will help us remain a steady
      source of assistance for people like Ted.
      Thank you for your continued financial support, and for remaining
      alert for neighbors who need a helping hand. God bless you for your
      compassion and kindness.
      Blessings,
      Jack C. Getz Major DIVISIONAL COMMANDER
      P.S. Your gift today will help us care for struggling families, hungry
      children, and lonely and needy senior citizens right here in this
      community.
    
  

  
  
    
      March 16, 2000
      Name Address City, ST, Zip
      Dear Names,
      "Amazing grace! How sweet the sound..."
      The words of this familiar hymn have echoed through churches all
      across the globe for over 200years. Grace is sometimes defined as
      undeserved favor. Have you ever stopped to consider how grace is given to
      people?
      I like to think of The Salvation Army as a place of grace --where
      individuals and families find love and help in their time of need,
      regardless of the situations that bring them to us!
      ...Men and women struggling with addictions find healing, forgiveness
      and the chance to make a new start in life... families living from
      paycheck to paycheck find comfort, food and emergency assistance... and
      underprivileged children have the opportunity to eat well-balanced meals
      and participate in special activities.
      God's grace is found in His forgiveness and unconditional love. In
      turn, we have the opportunity to extend that grace to others by meeting
      their physical and spiritual needs with kindness and compassion.
      Here at The Salvation Army, this is our continuous goal.
      Maybe you can remember a time in your own life when you were shown
      grace... when someone reached out to you with answers you couldn't find
      yourself. Or perhaps a specific person comes to mind --such as a sister,
      a grandfather or a daughter --whose life is characterized by grace.
      When I think of grace, I am reminded of the many Salvation Army
      officers and employees who selflessly dedicate their lives to the poor
      and brokenhearted. In my years of working with The Salvation Army, I've
      seen grace transform the lives of many people. Often, those who come to
      us for help have exhausted all other resources. But the love, assistance
      and guidance that we offer them hope for a better tomorrow.
      I can think of no better time to continue extending grace to others
      than at Easter. This special season reminds us that God's mercy is
      available to each of us --regardless of who we are or what we we've
      done.
      In the same way, The Salvation Army offers grace and compassion to
      those in need in our community --regardless of the difficulties they may
      be facing. You've been so generous with your giving in the past, and we
      are grateful. Your additional gift today will enable us to provide food
      and clothing for physical needs... emergency assistance during times of
      crisis... spiritual guidance and encouragement... and much more.
      "Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound..." These words ring true in the
      hearts and lives of changed people here at The Salvation Army. And just
      as the writer of this beautiful hymn celebrates God's grace, so do
      we.
      On behalf of all the men, women and children in Central Indiana who
      will benefit from your kindness, thank you. May you experience God's
      grace this Easter season and throughout the year.
      Blessings,
      Lt. Colonel DIVISIONAL COMMANDER
      P.S. Please send your gift today. So many people need our assistance.
      In appreciation of your generosity, I've enclosed a special bookmark
      printed with John Newton's familiar hymn, "Amazing Grace."
    
  

  
  
    
      Name organization (if applicable) Address City, State Zip
      Dear Salutation:
      Who helps United way help ten-year-old Cindy learn responsibility and
      self-esteem at an overnight camp?
      Or who helps Randy break a cycle of violence and become a better
      dad?
      Or who helps David learn important job skills that will enable him to
      become self-sufficient?
      Or who helps Michael, who has spina bifida, learn to talk, dress
      himself, and get around independently?
      Without you. no one.
      And we need your help this year to make sure these services are there
      for you, your family, friends and neighbors in Boone, Hamilton, Hancock,
      Hendricks, Marion and Morgan counties.
      I am writing you in the hope of getting your support for this year's
      United Way campaign. The funds raised by the campaign support a family of
      83 health and human service agencies that provide services like family
      counseling, care for abused children, scouting and youth programs, job
      training, disaster relief and much, much more.
      Your generous support is very important. Here are just some of the
      ways your gift can touch lives right here in central Indiana:
      A gift of $25 could mean five friendly visits to a homebound elderly
      person. A gift of $50 could mean one day of shelter for a victim of
      domestic violence and her children. A gift of $100 could mean two days of
      overnight camping for an underprivileged child. A gift of $200 could mean
      six days of shelter and meals for a homeless person.
      United Way touches the lives of more than 3,100 central Indiana people
      every day, 365 days a year, because people like you are generous. Here
      are some quotes from people whose lives were touched by United Way
      agencies last year:
      "After losing my job due to downsizing, I lost my home, my car and
      nearly everything I owned. You arranged for my daughter to see a doctor
      and to have her medications renewed. Children's Bureau provided bus
      tickets for me to go to interviews. You treated me with dignity and made
      me and my child feel there was hope for the future." -- Karen
      "My Big Brother acts like a friend, but since he's an adult I get to
      make use of all his experience. We do fun stuff that we both like. No
      matter what we do that day, I always seem to learn an important lesson."
      -- Matthew
      "If it were not for the services they provide us, the older persons
      would not be able to get around to do our business, such as visits to
      doctors, grocery and drug stores." -Daniel
      Who helps these people? Without you. no one.
      When you give to United Way, you can rest assured that your gift will
      be used efficiently and effectively to help people in need here at home.
      Knowledgeable community volunteers -- people just like you -- ensure that
      your gift is spent wisely and that 88 PERCENT OF FUNDS RAISED GO TO HELP
      PEOPLE IN NEED RIGHT HERE IN CENTRAL INDIANA.
      Last year, you gave us a contribution of $xx, for which we, and the
      people you helped, are grateful. Please find it in your heart to renew
      your pledge or, if possible, increase it. Just check the appropriate box
      on the enclosed pledge card and return it in the reply envelope.
      Thank you in advance for touching a life and helping to make our
      community a better place to live, work and prosper.
      Sincerely,
      Stephen A. Stitle 1996 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign
      Chair
      P.S. United Way's ultimate success comes down to individuals like you
      and me and how we respond to human need. We must all do our share! Please
      support our 1996 United Way campaign.
    
  

  
  
    
      September 20, 1994 John E Prospect 1 Main St. Indianapolis, IN
      46200
      Dear Mr. Prospect:
      You can help more than 200,000 people with just one gift.
      And your gift is needed now more than ever.
      Your one gift to United Way of Central Indiana supports 82 human
      service agencies that help people right here in central Indiana. Only if
      you contribute this year can these agencies continue to provide programs
      and services that:
      Strengthen Families -- Help victims of child abuse & neglect,
      answer crisis hotlines, prevent family violence & counsel the
      mentally ill;
      Invest In Our Children -- Provide child care, scouting & youth
      programs, foster care & adoption as well as mentoring &
      counseling for teen parents;
      Serve The Elderly And Disabled -- Provide meals & visits to the
      homebound, as well as speech, hearing & physical therapy for people
      with disabilities;
      Help People Become Self-Sufficient -- offer shelter for homeless
      families, disaster relief, employment & training, neighborhood
      support centers & specialized transportation;
      Promote Health And Well-Being -- Administer immunization programs
      provide drug & alcohol treatment, screening for cancer, heart disease
      & other conditions and provide health education & home nursing
      care.
      Odds are that you, a family member, friend, or neighbor may already be
      benefiting from the services of one of United Way's family of agencies
      listed at the left.(see hard copy). EACH YEAR, UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL
      INDIANA AGENCIES HELP MORE THAN 200,000 PEOPLE in Boone, Hamilton,
      Hancock, Hendricks, Marion, and Morgan counties.
      Your gift matters to all kinds of people.
      People like Michael, who lived as a homeless person on the banks of
      the White River until he was helped by Horizon House. Gifts to United Way
      helped provide shelter, medical care, counseling and job placement to end
      his homelessness.
      People like four-year-old Levi, who was born with spina bifida and
      unable to walk or talk until he received therapy at Crossroads
      Rehabilitation Center. Now he gets around, talks, and even attends a
      public preschool.
      People like 74-year-old Margaret, who keeps active by playing bridge
      and taking classes in Spanish, aerobics and sewing at Heritage Place.
      People like Gloria, who was able to beat breast cancer thanks to the
      mammography early detection program at the Little Red Door Cancer
      Agency.
      People like Sophronia, who was abused by her former husband before she
      and her children received shelter and counseling from The Julian
      Center.
      ALL OF THESE PEOPLE RECEIVED MUCH-NEEDED HELP, BECAUSE PEOPLE LIKE YOU
      GAVE TO UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA.
      Your gift, no matter what the size, can benefit the lives of people
      here in our community. Here are just some of the services your gift can
      buy:
      $5.81 provides a hot, nutritious meal for a person aged 60+.
      $23.32 provides two visits by a trained home health aide to an elderly
      homebound person.
      $69.70 provides 10 hours of vocational evaluation & training for
      an unemployed person aged 16 or over.
      $90.58 provides the cost for one boy or girl to participate in
      scouting activities for a year.
      $146.50 provides 10 hours of services to a child aged 3-5 to help her
      or him overcome a learning disability.
      YOU CAN HELP SUPPORT THESE AND OTHER NEEDED SERVICES HERE IN CENTRAL
      INDIANA.
      Community needs are increasing and your help is needed more than ever.
      Please consider giving a gift of $__ to help your friends and neighbors
      here in central Indiana who benefit from United Way's family of agencies.
      Just fill out the enclosed pledge card and send it with your check in the
      return envelope right away.
      Any gift you can send is appreciated and will be put to good use
      helping people who really need help right here in central Indiana.
      Thank you in advance for your generous support.
      Sincerely,
      Sallie W. Rowland 1994 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign
      Chair
      P.S. YOUR TAX-DEDUCTIBLE CONTRIBUTION WILL BE USED EFFICIENTLY. 90
      cents of every dollar you donate go directly to programs and services
      that help your neighbors here in central Indiana.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      August 25, 1995
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. Business Owner:
      Community needs are everyone's business. How a community pulls
      together to help those in need defines that community as a good place to
      live, a good place to raise a family, and a good place to do
      business.
      In our community, there is a partnership that pulls together every
      year to meet urgent needs, and helps ensure that central Indiana
      continues to be a good place to live, work and do business - the
      partnership between businesses like yours, United Way of Central Indiana,
      and its family of 82 human service agencies. I am writing to ask you, as
      a business leader, to invest in our community by contributing to this
      partnership through United Way of Central Indiana.
      By investing in the community through this partnership, you can help
      more than 220,000 people in central Indiana next year. United Way
      agencies are there for everyone--you, your family, your friends, and your
      employees. In fact. United Way agencies can help your employees by
      providing services that may not be available elsewhere. such as:
      low-cost daycare, children's recreation, scouting, and other youth
      activities, emergency and disaster relief, counseling for victims of
      domestic violence and abuse, screening for cancer, heart disease, and
      other conditions, and more.
      By supporting United Way, you are ensuring that these important
      services continue. You'll also be making a good investment.
      $1.00 invested in drug-and-alcohol treatment saves $11.00 in later
      costs of crime, unemployment, and other social problems.
      $1.00 invested in preschool education for a disadvantaged child saves
      $4.75 in later special education, welfare payments, crime, and other
      costs.
      $1.00 invested in a job-training program for a person on welfare saves
      $3.65 in one year and $7.30 in two years in welfare costs and annual
      salary (based on $6.00 per hour, full-time employment).
      AS YOU CAN SEE, INVESTING IN UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL INDIANA MAKES GOOD
      BUSINESS SENSE.
      United Way of Central Indiana adds value to your investment. It
      sponsors a single, efficient annual campaign for the 82 human service
      agencies that meet a variety of needs here in central Indiana. If each
      agency were responsible for raising all of its funds, businesses like
      yours would be inundated with individual solicitations, even more than
      they are now, and many necessary services would go unfunded.
      United Way of Central Indiana adds value by doing research and
      follow-up to make sure that the most important needs are being met in the
      most efficient way. Through its community-based allocation system, United
      Way makes sure each year that the community's highest priorities, as set
      by community leaders like you, are served well. When you support United
      Way, you can be sure your investment is used prudently: 90 cents of every
      dollar raised go directly to programs and services that help people in
      need here in central Indiana.
      We are very grateful for your last contribution of $95, an investment
      which paid off by touching lives in hundreds of ways throughout central
      Indiana. This year, please consider renewing or increasing your
      contribution. Just fill out the enclosed pledge card and send it in the
      return envelope. Then, watch as your investment is used to help make
      central Indiana a better community in which to live, work and
      prosper.
      Sincerely,
      Gerald L. Bepko 1995 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign Chair
      P.S. Please join the thousands of companies that believe that caring
      for the community's well-being is an important part of doing business
      here in central Indiana. Make a tax-deductible investment in the
      community today!
    
  

  
  
    
      September 18, 1997
      Dear Marion Co. '93-95 Donor:
      I'm writing to tell you about an investment opportunity. One that will
      allow you to change pain into relief, anger into love, despair into
      opportunity -- and assure you that you'll be making central Indiana a
      better place to live, work and prosper.
      It's not just any investment. It's an investment in our community
      through United Way of Central Indiana. An investment with many returns of
      relief, love and opportunity. And this year, your investment is more
      important than ever.
      Only one charity can touch the lives of individuals in need AND
      demonstrate an impact on our community's urgent needs. That's United Way.
      United Way's impact begins with research that helps answer important
      questions:
      What are the most important human needs here in central Indiana? What
      programs can be funded to effectively reduce those needs?
      United Way is the only organization that asks, and answers these
      questions. And by doing this, United Way makes your investment count.
      Human needs are on the rise in central Indiana and we have to meet the
      challenge. This year we've set an ambitious goal -- $31.75 million --
      which is over $1 million more than our 1996 total.
      Why is your investment so important? Last year, your investment
      helped:
      Strengthen families. 91% (96) of the 106 participants in parenting
      classes at Family Service Association because of child abuse, reported
      increased use of positive discipline and decreased use of abusive
      discipline.
      Teach children. 96% (173) of the 177 at-risk children enrolled in St.
      Mary's early childhood program demonstrated an increase in their social,
      emotional, physical, cognitive, speech and language development.
      Make people self-sufficient. 87% (325) of the 344 homeless families
      (1,353 persons) assisted and sheltered at Catholic Social Services' Holy
      Family Shelter found independent housing.
      These good things happened in central Indiana last year because people
      like you cared enough to make an investment in our community.
      And it's not just about programs. You're investing in people, as well.
      People who otherwise wouldn't have anywhere to turn. Here are some quotes
      from people who have been helped by United Way of Central Indiana
      agencies:
      'If it were not for the services they provide us, we older persons
      would not be able to get around to do our business, such as visits to
      doctors, grocery and drug stores.' -- William, age 72
      'Thanks to the job training I received, I've learned the skills to get
      and keep a job, and take care of my family on my own. ' -- Michelle, age
      34
      'I was able to get pre-natal care and have a healthy baby. Not only
      that, I learned how to care for my baby after she was born. ' -- Sarah,
      age 17
      These people are living proof that your investment pays off.
      Your investment is used efficiently -- 88% OF FUNDS RAISED ARE
      INVESTED DIRECTLY IN SERVICES THAT HELP MEET CRITICAL COMMUNITY NEEDS.
      This is much more efficient than most other non-profits and
      government-run programs. Your money counts when you invest through United
      Way.
      Your investment is critical to making our community a better place.
      According to our records, you invested $125 in the past, but we haven't
      heard from you recently. Please find it in your heart to renew your gift
      this year if at all possible. We need everyone's help to make our goal
      and meet our community's increased needs.
      Just fill out the enclosed pledge card and send it in the return
      envelope today. And be assured that you've made a good investment -- an
      investment that benefits all of us.
      Sincerely,
      
      Michael J. Alley 1997 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign Chair
      P.S. Your investment helps serve the elderly and disabled, too. Last
      year, of 64 physically disabled adults who received occupational therapy
      at Crossroads Rehabilitation Center, 91% (58) improved their independent
      living skills. Your tax-deductible contribution can make a measurable
      difference!
    
  

  
  
    
      United Way (Picture) of Central Indiana 3901 N. Meridian St. P.O. Box
      88409 Indianapolis, IN 46208-0409
      Cecilia desperately searched for medical care for her unborn child.
      She would have a better chance of getting help and delivering a healthy
      baby if she lived in Sweden. But Cecilia lives in central Indiana.
      Cecilia might even be your neighbor.
      Dear:
      When I found out that the infant mortality rate in Indiana was 86
      percent greater than for mothers in Sweden, I was shocked.
      Later, my distress hit home in a personal way when I discovered than
      an expectant mother who lived just a few blocks from my house in Marion
      County - a young, unmarried woman just like Cecilia -- had difficulty
      obtaining prenatal care.
      Realizing the seriousness of the problem helped motivate me to join
      with individuals like you who have helped to prevent needless suffering
      in our community by contributing to United Way of Central Indiana.
      When a young, unmarried woman like Cecilia becomes pregnant, the risks
      to her unborn child are very serious. In Cecilia's case she had to face
      the situation with a limited education, no skills and no source of
      income. Would it surprise you to learn that less than two years away from
      the millennium, the problem of supplying prenatal care to young, single
      mothers is one of growing concern in our community?
      Of those beginning prenatal care in the first trimester, Indiana
      mothers rank in the lower third of individuals receiving such care
      nationwide. And that's just one significant example of community need.
      There are many other important areas where children, families, the
      elderly and disabled need our help.
      Having exhausted all of her options, Cecilia turned to her family
      priest where she found support and guidance. Cecilia was brought to a
      residential outreach maternity service funded by United Way of Central
      Indiana. When I investigated all the different ways I could get involved
      to help local families, I discovered the answer that made the most sense
      was United Way of Central Indiana.
      United Way, and ONLY United Way, regularly conducts research in our
      community to find out where the most important needs are. If United Way
      didn't do this it wouldn't be done at all. At St. Elizabeth's home,
      Cecilia received a place to live until her baby was born. She received
      prenatal care, child care training, friendship and peer group
      support.
      Your past contribution provided a direct line of support for local
      programs that promote health and wellness, strengthen families, invest in
      our children, help people become self-sufficient, and serve the elderly
      and disabled.
      Cecilia gave birth to a healthy baby boy. Whenever she looks at her
      son she feels grateful to United Way for the good start she was able to
      give him.
      And that's why I'm writing to you today. I urge you to continue to
      make a difference in the lives of individuals like Cecilia and her son.
      You can literally help save a life. 89 percent of the at-risk pregnant
      women served by St. Elizabeth Home have given birth to healthy
      babies.
      Following the birth of her child, Cecilia received job training at
      another United Way funded agency. This story ended happily... perhaps
      because of your past contribution. Remember, just $50 or $4.16 per month
      can provide a homeless. expectant mother with two visits to an
      obstetrician for Prenatal care.
      Thanks to the support United Way of Central Indiana receives from
      people like you, there are hundreds of stories like Cecilia's. But
      unfortunately there are also hundreds of examples where vital services
      were not available because of lack of funds.
      Please continue with your neighbors to see to it that no expectant
      mother goes without medical care... no child goes without nourishment ...
      no family goes without shelter.
      Will you help? Today?
      If you would consider increasing your past pledge by just $25 this
      year it would be wonderful. If you could possibly increase your pledge by
      even more, I would be overjoyed. But please join us again this year so
      that stories such as Cecilia's can continue.
      Sincerely,
      1998 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign Chair
      P.S. Today Cecilia is self-supporting. She lives with her 15-month old
      son in a clean, cheerful home. Without the support of United Way of
      Central Indiana, Cecilia's story might not have had such a happy ending.
      Please join with us to see that happy endings do continue.
    
  

  
  
    
      December 1998
      Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know.
      To help you see how much your contribution means, I'm sharing with you
      The words of people who have lived Goodwill's mission. We want you to
      Know why your support of Goodwill is so important.
      Your gift to Goodwill is important because people with physical and
      Mental disabilities sometimes need an extra hand to know the pride that
      comes with work.
      "I was sad when I couldn't go to the snack bar to buy a soda. Now I
      can buy a soda and spend money. I like working and making money. I have a
      savings account. I can write my name on the deposit slip. If I wasn't
      working here ...I would be sad ..." -- Maureen
      Because turning welfare recipients into tax payers just makes
      sense.
      "When I first came to Goodwill I was a single parent with little or no
      self-esteem. I was on welfare and without my diploma. Coming to Goodwill
      was the first step toward my becoming totally independent. I am now
      ...totally off of welfare. I really like my job." -- Sherry
      Because people want to work.
      "I'd never finished high school. I had no experience or skills ... The
      only thing I did know for sure was here's a chance to change things for
      me and my children... I rode a bike to Goodwill in the rain and snow. I
      wanted to be there ...I had my second chance to change my life." --
      Donna
      Because teaching a man to fish will keep him fed for his entire
      life.
      "Before I got to Goodwill, I was on a mission. I just wanted a job. It
      didn't matter what the job was, I just wanted one. Now, I'm on a journey.
      I've got more than a job; I've got a career. My instructor played a role
      like no other instructor I've ever had I appreciate everything that
      Goodwill has done for me." -- Cornell
      Each year, we help thousands of people who face tremendous obstacles.
      Their one common goal: they all want to work. A robust economy helps by
      providing job opportunities, but to be honest, most of the people who
      aren't working today are quite simply the ones who face the greatest
      obstacles.
      The kinds of services we provide help people deal with obstacles like
      health care, transportation and child care -problems that are big enough
      on their own without being compounded by factors like physical and mental
      disabilities, illiteracy and lack of job skills.
      Last year, Goodwill helped 3,300 people find jobs that increased their
      self-sufficiency. Your gift to Goodwill will be used directly to support
      services that will help even more find jobs.
      Right now, there are thousands of people who do not know what it feels
      like to support themselves. You can help them to know that feeling.
      Please help Goodwill and help people find jobs. Use the enclosed card
      and give a generous gift to Goodwill today!
      Sincerely,
      James M. McClelland President
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear ,
      A few months ago you received a letter from me telling the success
      stories of people who got jobs with Goodwill's help.
      Here's another story of success from what might seem like an unlikely
      source: Goodwill's controller, Juli. She tells me that the 3,666 people
      we helped find jobs in 1998 earned approximately $49 million dollars. In
      addition to that, by helping them find jobs, Goodwill reduced the state's
      Public Support tab by an estimated $4 million. Your gift to Goodwill will
      help us do even more this year because your gift will be used to directly
      support our work.
      What kind of work does Goodwill do?
      Goodwill finds jobs for people with mental and physical disabilities.
      After Maureen's job coach taught her how to do her job in a restaurant,
      we helped Maureen step out of the shadow sometimes cast over people with
      physical and mental disabilities and find a fulfilling job smack dab in
      the middle of society. Remember what she said in my last letter? "If I
      wasn't working here...I would be sad..."
      Goodwill helps people get off of public assistance. Sherry learned
      through our Future Works class that she could rise out of the mire of the
      welfare system and support her family. At Goodwill she gained in
      self-confidence, in her vision of her future and in the job skills she
      needed to find and keep a good job. "Coming to Goodwill was the first
      step toward my becoming totally independent. I am now... totally off of
      welfare."
      Goodwill prepares people for life-long employment. Cornell found a
      number of employment options that he never dreamed existed after a
      work-site injury forced him out of his job at a foundry. He trained in
      desktop publishing and combined his enthusiastic work ethic with
      new-found skills in a burgeoning industry. "I've got more than a job;
      I've got a career."
      Goodwill provides jobs at Goodwill. After a lifetime of trials, Donna
      not only earned her GED at Goodwill, she earned a job here. "I rode a
      bike to Goodwill in the rain and snow. I wanted to be there...I had my
      second chance to change my life."
      Your gift to Goodwill will help the many people who want to tell their
      own stories of success. Your support will help them go to work.
      Please use the enclosed envelope to give a generous gift to Goodwill
      today!
      Sincerely,
      William A Carter, Chairman Goodwill Industries Foundation
      P.S. Your gift is a wise investment in the community. For every dollar
      donated to Goodwill in 1998, we helped our "graduates" earn an estimated
      $102. That money was then spent in a variety of ways, adding fuel to our
      thriving economy.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      November 15, 1996
      Dear Personal Donor:
      In the short while since Goodwill helped him find his job, Robert has
      learned to thoroughly clean a motel room in about 40 minutes. His job
      objectives call for him to do it in 30.
      He has no time to waste.
      Neither do we. With the help of friends like you, Goodwill has
      continued to adapt our services to meet the human needs of our changing
      society.
      We don't waste time as we are helping the community. And we don't
      waste money. The gift that I am asking you to make will be used to
      continue our mission of helping people prepare for, find and keep
      jobs.
      In their December, 1995 review of the nation's best charities, U.S.
      News & World Report called Goodwill one of the five "Standout Good
      Guys." The magazine stated that Goodwill (as well as the other standouts)
      is "uniquely effective, innovative or valuable."
      While I appreciate U.S. News & World Report's endorsement, the
      true value of your support is measured by the way Goodwill takes on
      problems that affect all of us.
      Every time we help someone find a solution to their employment
      barrier, the positive effects radiate throughout our community: The
      business community welcomes not only another worker, but a consumer with
      increased purchasing power. Parents act as role models of
      self-sufficiency instead of dependency. Tax dollars that would have been
      spent on public assistance are saved.
      You and I know that solutions to difficult problems don't just happen.
      At Goodwill, it is the hard work of staff and those who benefit from our
      services that produces the kind of inspiring results I see every day:
      A Goodwill staff member addresses a group of welfare recipients: "You
      can earn the money to support yourself and your family," she says. "You
      can get off welfare. I know you can... I did."
      A participant in a Goodwill program rushes back from a job interview
      to share the results with his classmates in our desktop publishing
      training program. once his tears have subsided, he confirms what his
      classmates have already figured out: he just received a job offer -- his
      first in five years.
      Addressing a meeting at a neighborhood center, a Goodwill staff member
      tells the audience how Goodwill can help them find and keep jobs. On his
      way home, he shares the story with four people at a street corner. At the
      next corner he tells five more.
      In order to develop job skills, a man with some serious disabilities
      begins working in Goodwill's industrial division. It takes a long time
      for him to gain the self-confidence to work elsewhere in the community.
      Eventually, he turns your support into a payoff for all of us. He proudly
      leaves Goodwill to support himself.
      These people and their successes are real. Just like the respect we've
      earned from U.S. News & World Report. Just like the impact Goodwill's
      work has on our community.
      Real work. Real results. A real difference in people's lives -- in all
      of our lives.
      The people who can benefit most directly from your generosity have no
      time to waste. Neither do the rest of us who feel the positive results of
      their success. Your support helps provide real solutions.
      Please use the enclosed response card and envelope to give generously
      to Goodwill today.
      Sincerely,
      
      
      Jack Dustman Board Member and Former Chairman
      
    
  

  
  
    
      December 10, 1996
      Dear Mailhouse donor reminder:
      You and I have done some important work together.
      We've helped people break free of the welfare cycle. We've found ways
      for people with disabilities to enter the workforce. We've expanded
      Goodwill's proven methods to towns and neighborhoods where they are
      needed most.
      Of course, we've played different roles. You have helped make
      Goodwill's work possible with your previous support. Goodwill has devised
      the programs that turned your investment into results.
      Who has benefited from our partnership? Everyone has. When you and I
      help somebody find a job, one more person joins the ranks of tax payers,
      fewer tax dollars are spent on public assistance and businesses gain
      another consumer.
      There are a lot of barriers that keep people from working: physical
      and mental disabilities, history of welfare dependency and lack of
      education or self-esteem. And there are a lot of people who face these
      challenges every day of their lives. So our work must continue.
      Everyone benefits from the work we do together. Many people need our
      help.
      Please continue our important partnership. Support Goodwill with a
      generous donation today.
      Sincerely,
      James M. McClelland President
    
  

  
  
    
      November 15, 1994
      Dear ,
      Think of your greatest accomplishments. Think of the joy and success
      they bring to you and your loved ones.
      Michael Sims felt that way at age 39 -- the day he earned a job.
      Michael was born with cerebral palsy. Upon entering the work force, he
      discovered few job opportunities that seemed to match his abilities.
      For several years he performed packaging and clerical work. His most
      recent job lasted only a year before cut-backs eliminated his
      position.
      For 18 long months Michael could not find a job. He resorted to public
      assistance dollars to survive. Finally, Michael called Goodwill.
      At Goodwill, Michael's counselors felt that his personable demeanor
      could be a major attribute and identified for him a possible job-match
      where his people skills could shine.
      After three interviews, Michael proved that he was the right person
      for the job. As the Clubhouse Monitor at Bent Tree Apartments, he now
      provides customer service for 50 to 60 tenants each night.
      At last, he has found success in a job that he loves. Now his goals
      are set on moving up in the company.
      Every year, thousands of people come to Goodwill. Like Michael, they
      share two common characteristics. They face some barrier to employment
      and they want to work.
      With support from people like you, they can overcome their barriers
      and earn success and the self-sufficiency that comes with it. And then
      the pay-off begins for the entire community.
      Individual successes at Goodwill mean fewer persons receiving public
      support and more paying taxes. Last year, participants in Goodwill
      programs earned --and paid taxes on -- wages of nearly $3.5 million.
      Their successes at work also saved taxpayers more than three-quarters of
      a million dollars in public assistance.
      The savings are counted in more ways than dollars and cents, however.
      The families of the new wage earners may feel the accomplishment in terms
      of a house to live in, money to purchase food -- without food stamps --
      and the beginning of a family focused on success, not hopelessness.
      Won't you help make all of these successes possible? Please send the
      largest contribution you can comfortably make. Your gift will help give
      new meaning to the word success -- for people who have seldom had reason
      to use the word.
      Sincerely,
      James M. McClelland President
      P.S. Your gift will make a difference. For every dollar of public
      support Goodwill received last year, we returned $1.59 to the community
      in the form of earned wages and reduced public assistance payments.
    
  

  
  
    
      Some of the strongest critics of our welfare system are the people who
      have become dependent on it.
      Their complaint: the system discourages working because unemployment
      provides benefits that many entry-level jobs don't include.
      That's where you --and Goodwill --come in. We help people train for
      and find jobs that make it possible for them to get off of welfare. Last
      year, Goodwill placed 511 people in jobs, more than double the number we
      placed in 1993.
      While the debate on welfare reform is gathering like a storm at sea,
      the people who need jobs are floundering. We need your support to
      continue getting people off of public assistance.
      Welfare is not the answer. And welfare reform is an uncertain solution
      with an unknown starting date. Goodwill works. Right now.
      Please give the largest gift you can to Goodwill today.
      Sincerely,
      Jack Dustman Chairman
    
  

  
  
    
      March 17, 2000
      Name Address City, ST, Zip
      Dear Name:
      When Jerry was released from prison, he knew it would take hard work
      and determination to straighten out his life. He knew he had made a bad
      mistake, but despite his commitment to rebuilding his life, he just
      didn't count on the obstacles that would be thrown up in his path.
      Reality hit when he was unable to reconcile with his wife and ended up
      on the street. He went to the Center Township Trustee for food stamps
      until he could find a job and a place to live. The Trustee referred him
      to the Blue Triangle where he consulted Goodwill's Career Academy staff
      for job search assistance.
      Jerry's Goodwill caseworker found him a job immediately. But Jerry's
      troubles didn't end there. The seasonal construction job he obtained soon
      ended, and he returned to Career Academy for help once more. Unemployed,
      homeless and with a prison record, Jerry now faced going back to prison
      for failure to pay child support.
      It took some time and hard work, but with the help of Goodwill, Jerry
      was able to work out a payment plan with the prosecutor's office, find
      housing and conduct a more thorough job search.
      With unemployment at its lowest point in years in central Indiana,
      many people still have a hard time finding meaningful employment. Of the
      more than 42,000 people Goodwill served in 1999, over 5,000 of them have
      multiple barriers to finding and keeping a job. Some, like Jerry, are
      ex-offenders. Some are blind, deaf or have other physical disabilities.
      More than 100 were homeless.
      But Goodwill offers hope even to people with numerous obstacles to
      overcome, like Jerry. With a promising new job at a plastic injection
      molding manufacturer, his legal troubles in check and a safe place to
      live, Jerry can get on with the business of building a life for himself
      and contributing to his community. For as long as he needs it, Goodwill
      will continue to help.
      Your support of Goodwill will provide job training and placement
      services to help the hardest to serve in central Indiana find meaningful
      employment. And, with your assistance, Goodwill can help employers
      develop resources to keep workers on the job.
      Please make an investment in the stability of our community by sending
      a gift to Goodwill. Your generosity will help people help themselves.
      Sincerely,
      James M. McClelland President
    
  

  
  
    
      June 21, 1999
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear ,
      Do you remember the combination of elation and apprehension you felt
      when you first left home? The young adults who leave Pleasant Run have
      those same feelings. Very few have family support to get them started.
      Many need furniture, linens and other basic necessities to begin lives on
      their own.
      To help them establish themselves in the community, the Pleasant Run
      Emancipation fund was begun in 1993 by private donors who wanted to
      provide a measure of financial support for those leaving our
      programs.
      Individuals who are being emancipated are eligible to receive up to
      $500 from the Fund if they formally apply and meet four requirements: 1.
      Release by the courts 2. Successful completion of all life skills tests
      3. Positive termination of his or her Pleasant Run program 4. Possession
      of a high school diploma or GED
      Proof of meeting these, two staff reference letters and an essay
      stating why they should receive a grant and how it will be used are all
      reviewed by a Pleasant Run panel, which determines if the applicant
      merits the funds.
      Such fund are often used for college tuition, vocational training or a
      deposit on an apartment.
      Because Pleasant Run is the only "family" for so many, our
      Emancipation Fund is one way we can help a young person take the first
      steps into his or her new life as an independent and productive
      adult.
      Without private donor support, this Fund doesn't exist. Please take a
      few minutes to send a donation to help one or more of our children
      successfully cross that threshold into the future.
      Sincerely,
      Mary Roth Executive Director
    
  

  
  
    
      November 27, 1995
      Dear Friend:
      What kind of people benefit by your contribution to Pleasant Run
      Children's Homes?
      Little ones, like Baby Jessica, caught in the struggle between
      adoptive and birth parents. Older kids, like Tracy and Kerry, left
      homeless after a recent murder-suicide in Indianapolis claimed Mom and
      Dad. Young adults, like Mary T., a jobless mother of three, trying
      desperately to keep her kids out of trouble in a crime-ridden
      neighborhood. Real people!
      There are thousands more. Families are being torn apart, and too
      often, children are the victims. Kids like Tommie J., made a ward of the
      court because of repeated beatings by an alcoholic father; Alice, sent to
      a group home to get help because of severe behavior disorders; and John
      H., a recovering alcoholic, rebuilding a relationships with his family so
      they can live together again.
      Pleasant Run Children's Homes began serving children nearly 130 years
      ago. Then the task was to help children who lost parents in the Civil
      War. Today, we serve children and families with a multitude of problems:
      emotional, physical, psychological and sexual abuse. Some come from
      families where, through therapy, there is hope for reunification. For
      others, "families" are the counselors are housemates at the group homes
      where they live.
      The biggest tragedy is that the problems don't go away; they only
      grow. In 1994 Pleasant Run served 346 children and 125 families. In 1995
      we will serve over 850 children and 340 families. In 1996, these figures
      will triple. The children and families who come to Pleasant Run are given
      the opportunity to become happy, loving, and productive members of our
      society. They welcome the chance to belong, to become self- sufficient,
      to regain their self-esteem and confidence. Often it is a long, hard
      struggle, but the results are well worth it.
      For Pleasant Run to continue to serve abused and neglected children
      and their families, we need your support. The Funding sources are
      shrinking, but the needs grow explosively. Please "help good kids get
      better" by sending us a contribution today. Your gift will give children
      and families hope for improved tomorrows.
      Sincerely,
      Mary Roth
    
  

  
  
    
      June 26, 1995
      Dear Friend:
      This is not newsletter. It is a fund-raising appeal.
      But there's no reason why we shouldn't share good news at the same
      time. Federal, state and local governments are freezing or withdrawing
      much-needed funding sources for people who are truly in need. In spite of
      that, Pleasant Run Children's Homes, with the help of hundreds of
      volunteers and others who really care, continues to make a significant
      impact on the futures of families and kids in need of help.
      We all hear about today's increases in neglect, abuse and abandonment
      of those who can't fight back: children. Yet few of us hear enough about
      kids who live through these adversities and do make the grade.
      The positive side. These are special children. They come into a
      Pleasant Run program... whether it's for therapeutic help in their own
      homes (which nurtures whole families), through foster care families or in
      the familial surroundings of our residential homes.
      For some, it's a matter of weeks or months; for others, it's years.
      They leave Pleasant Run, generally, ready and able to contribute to
      society. We're proud of our children and all that they overcome.
      We are a not-for-profit, multi-service agency. We wouldn't exist if
      the need weren't there. The numbers of children who deserve our services
      are rising... as quickly as our programs can grow to serve them.
      Please help us help them. Pleasant Run Children's Homes... "where good
      kids get better."
      Sincerely,
      Mary Roth Tom Hirschauer
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Friends of Pleasant Run:
      The holiday season is the time of year when we're all busy buying
      gifts, baking goodies, decorating our homes and making arrangements to be
      with family and friends. This is the time of year when we give thanks for
      the warmth and love that surrounds us. And this time of year is an
      occasion to remember those not as fortunate as we are.
      Pleasant Run cares for at-risk children and families. We do this
      through a wide range of programs including community- based, therapeutic
      foster care, group homes and our treatment center. Many of the children
      are victims of abuse or live in unstable homes.
      Today we are asking you to take a few minutes to consider making a
      contribution to Pleasant Run to help the 1,500 children families we care
      for. Many of the children have no homes; no memories of joy from past
      holidays. Others are from families that are struggling to provide a
      healthy, happy environment but don't have the resources to make it
      possible. Your contribution will make a difference in a child's life. It
      may help a family stay together. It can certainly make happy holiday
      memories.
      A gift to Pleasant Run means the children in our care will have
      presents to open. A gift means a family will have a holiday meal, cooking
      utensils to prepare the meal and dishes to serve it on. Your gift will go
      beyond the holiday season. It can help purchase clothing, school
      supplies, books and educational tools throughout the year.
      
      Please take a few minutes to mail a donation to Pleasant run. Let our
      families and children know that you want them to have the same kinds of
      memories of the holidays you will have.
      We wish you and your family a new year full of joy and love.
      Sincerely,
      Mary Roth Executive Director
    
  

  
  
    
      It's hard to believe that the holiday season is only two months away.
      At Pleasant Run, Inc. we are making plans and arrangements for our
      children and families.
      Every year we seek companies, organizations and individuals to sponsor
      one or more of our families. These families are participants in our
      community-based programs. These programs focus on keeping the family
      together by providing counseling and other services to the entire family.
      After our caseworkers meet with these families and their children they
      often find they lack even the basic necessities such as cooking utensils,
      beds, cleaning supplies, etc. We meet these needs immediately. But, the
      holiday season is a particularly difficult time for these families. They
      do not have the resources necessary to purchase gifts or food for a
      holiday meal.
      We are asking you to consider sponsoring one of our families for this
      holiday season. If you are interested and would like more information,
      please contact Lisa Lusk or Marcia Whited at 693-9222. We would like to
      have families matched with sponsors non later than xxxx. Thank you for
      considering this opportunity to make this a memorable holiday season for
      a family in need.
      Sincerely,
    
  

  
  
    
      June 1, 1998 BOYS & Girls Club OF INDIANAPOLIS
      Dear Friend,
      It's summertime, so it must be time for CAMP! Yes, it's that time of
      the year -- the start of the Boys & Girls clubs of Indianapolis'
      Camp. Six weeks of learning and exploring, sports, arts, and fellowship.
      A time for a youngster to enjoy the fun and benefits of residential camp
      living, dedicated staff and instruction, and a chance to make special
      friends.
      
      I know you're committed to ensuring today's children have safe,
      healthy, and positive summer experiences. That's why I want you to learn
      more about the Super Summer Safari Camp.
      At Super Summer Safari Camp, there are daily sports, nature, and arts
      activities. In addition to the fun stuff, important life-skills such as
      self-esteem, leadership, and interpersonal cooperation are being
      developed. Please read the enclosed brochure for more information on the
      wonderful Super Summer Safari Camp!
      It costs $225 to send one child to camp. Many members of the Boys
      & Girls Clubs of Indianapolis can't afford to go to camp without
      financial assistance, and that's why we need you!
      Please make camp possible for all deserving Indianapolis children and
      send in a tax deductible contribution today in the enclosed envelope.
      Consider sponsoring 1, 2, or 3 children. No matter the size of the
      donation, please know that your gift will be appreciated and make a
      difference.
      Sincerely,
      Richard Dickinson
      P.S. You can make a difference in a child's life. Sponsor a child at
      the Boys & Girls Clubs of Indianapolis' summer camp today!
      
    
  

  
  
    
      February 26, 1999
      Dear ,
      Kids today face overwhelming pressures, everything from trouble at
      home to gangs and drugs. Youngsters often find themselves feeling
      alienated and alone.
      That's where the Boys & Girls Clubs of Indianapolis come in. We
      reach out to kids -- especially those from disadvantaged neighborhoods
      where the risks are highest. We give them a chance to realize their own
      potential by giving them a place where they can develop a sense of
      competence, of usefulness, a sense of belonging and of influence.
      To accomplish this, the five area Boys & Girls Clubs of
      Indianapolis must be open and available when the kids need them, with the
      staff and programs the kids need to reach and grow into responsible and
      caring citizens.
      This costs money. Money for programs, for equipment, and for repairs
      and improvements to club facilities. Your contribution last year of
      helped us get where we are today. We are counting on you now to help us
      get where we need to be tomorrow. Would you please consider a gift of the
      same in 1999?
      Please, give generously. The kids are depending on you.
      Respectfully,
      James Campbell President of the Board Deputy Chief, Indianapolis
      Police Department
      A United Way Agency
      Please detach and return in the enclosed envelope.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Come one, Come all to the Inaugural Jameson Grill
      The only fund raising event in the world where you can bring your
      entire family, other employees, or maybe even your neighbors.
      Saturday, September 20,1997, from 2:00 p.m. until 7:00 p.m., marks a
      special day, as Jameson Camp will hold its first ever Jameson Grill. A
      fund raiser dedicated to you and your family having fun!!
      For this event, when you purchase a corporate picnic table, you will
      be able to bring 16 people. (and if you need room for a couple of more,
      we can swing that too!)
      The Grill will feature enough activities that you and your kids will
      have a tough time deciding what to do. From basketball, kickball,
      volleyball, archery, crafts, an egg toss, and even a walk through our
      creek, you will have plenty to do to get you good and hungry.
      Hungry, you bet! We'll prepare a hog roast and hot dogs for the kids,
      with all the fixings.
      In addition, we will have soft drinks and a raffle, so that you can
      walk home with a great prize!
      The Jameson Grill has been designed to be nothing but fun for you,
      your family, employees, and maybe even your neighbors.
      Join in this wonderful event and help Jameson Camp continue to provide
      the year-round support that gives kids a chance to create dreams.
      Simply fill out the enclosed card, and we will see you at the
      Grill!
      One of our volunteers will be contacting you soon.
      Questions? Call Pat Bray at 241-2661 or e-mail, jcfundrzr@aol.com
      
    
  

  
  
    
      July 11, 1997
      Name Address City, State Zip
      Dear Mr./Mrs. Name:
      We need your help in continuing the work of Jameson Camp.
      Jameson is a not-for-profit agency established in 1928 to serve the
      youth of central Indiana who have special needs. The camp offers summer
      residential programs for children from ages 7-17, and continues contact
      with the campers and their families with special overnight and weekend
      follow-up events during the school year.
      All children who attend the camp are referred by social workers,
      doctors, teachers, counselors, and other professionals. Many of the
      children have learning disabilities, behavioral problems, or come from
      economically distressed families. The goal of our organized camping
      experience is to improve the total health of the children socially,
      emotionally, and physically.
      This year Jameson Camp is planning an Inaugural fund-raising event:
      The Jameson Grill! This event is designed to be fun for campers, their
      families, friends of the camp, neighbors, staff, and anyone interested in
      finding out more about Jameson. In short, Fun for Everyone!
      The family-friendly event, September 20, 1997, will include a hog
      roast, activities for kids and adults, prizes for activities, and a small
      raffle. Lucky attendees can go home with a great prize. This is where we
      need your help.
      Can you help support this wonderful event by furnishing any type of
      products or services that can be used as prizes for our activities or as
      a raffle prize? Your contribution will help with funding so Jameson Camp
      can continue providing the year-round camping experience that gives kids
      a chance to create dreams.
      Enclosed is a form you can complete and return to us in the
      postage-paid envelope. Or, you can fax us at 241-2760, or e-mail,
      icfundrzr@aol.com. Your quick response will help us begin organizing our
      prizes. After we receive your commitment, we will contact you about
      picking up your contribution. If you have any questions, please call me
      at 241-2661.
      We appreciate your support of our first event of this type.
      Sincerely,
      Pat Bray Director of Development
      Help Blaze The Trail -- 1997 Jameson Camp Thank you for your last
      Annual Fund Gift!
    
  

  
  
    
      July 25,1997
      Dear Name,
      What a Summer!
      And we're just getting started!
      I hope you'll consider continuing your support of Jameson's special
      campers by renewing your last gift of $ xxx. I can tell you we need your
      help now as much as ever before.
      All of our Six summer camping sessions are booked to capacity (and,
      truth be told, with maybe one our two extra returning campers squeezed
      in) and we have a waiting list of 60 children who are hoping to come if a
      spot should open. Many more camper referrals are coming from new
      organizations such as school social-workers and family counseling
      agencies. It seems summer options aren't readily available for troubled
      kids whose families have limited incomes, so we're doing all we can to
      make Jameson available.
      That "we" includes the Youth Leadership teens. These 60 or so campers
      have takenon a fund raiser with a goal of raising $16,000 for
      camperships. Two of them told me yesterday that as a group they decided
      they had to earn the right to ask others for help by accomplishing
      something real to help themselves. And that's from kids many people see
      as a problem.
      Even after the summer sessions come to a close, Jameson campers will
      take part in year-round programs designed to keep that positive contact
      with peers and role models alive and important. We've scheduled more than
      15 follow-up camper weekends beginning in September and going around till
      next summers camping season.
      Please, consider renewing your support of these great kids today.
      Sincerely,
      Julie Marsh Executive Director
      P.S. We know our follow-up weekends are going to be better attended
      than ever this fall and winter. If you can give a little more to help
      meet this increased expense we would appreciate your support.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      June 10, 1997
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mrs. Name,
      Confidence. An understanding that, above anything else, success
      requires genuine effort, a willingness to set challenging goals. Caring
      about others.
      These are the attributes we want all children to have. You help
      Jameson campers reach for them. If these special children are to become
      the adults we all need them to be, we have to lead them in the right
      direction right now.
      Jameson points the way for children who need that extra hand and I
      hope you'll continue your support this year. You're last gift of $50.00
      helped make it possible for us to provide guidance, encouragement and fun
      to nearly 400 Indianapolis area children. And not just during the summer,
      but throughout the year.
      What has your support of our campers meant to them and what have they
      been able to accomplish because you care?
      The best indicator I can give you of the positive effect our
      year-round contact has is the growth in and deeds of the Youth Leadership
      teens. In just the past few years this program has grown from a few kids
      and a few extra activities to a team of almost 60 young adults taking on
      real projects. YL teens will make J.C. juniors happen again this year for
      7 and 8 year old campers. A five day camp, J.C. juniors introduces
      at-risk children to Jameson two years earlier than we could previously
      reach them. That means we now have the opportunity to be a stable,
      positive and important part of each child's life for an entire
      decade.
      The teens have also decided to raise money to provide camperships for
      other campers because they know what Jameson has meant to them. And their
      activities aren't isolated to Jameson. The teens have undertaken a
      volunteer project to regularly visit with sick children at a local
      hospital.
      Please consider renewing your gift today. The kids need your
      leadership now more than ever. If you can increase your last donation, we
      would appreciate that show of support for the campers and their efforts
      to overcome obstacles and create successful lives.
      Thank you again for helping point the way.
      Sincerely,
      Julie Marsh, Executive Director
      P.S. You make it possible for us to help special kids with learning
      disabilities, behavior problems and economic disadvantages to gain the
      confidence required to put genuine effort into achieving real goals. I
      hope you'll continue -- and if possible increase - your support for these
      great kids.
    
  

  
  
    
      July30,1999
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. Ratcliff:
      CCI is a federation of 13 neighborhood-based multi-service centers
      whose mission is to identify and meet the human service needs of
      residents throughout Marion County in the most effective, efficient and
      comprehensive way possible. In 1998, we served a total of 31,484
      low-income individuals through job training and placement assistance,
      youth and senior programming, family counseling, emergency assistance,
      and much more.
      As you can see from the enclosed map, your Target store is located in
      the heart of four of our service areas. The centers that serve these
      areas, Mary Rigg Neighborhood Center, Hawthorne Community Center,
      Southwest Multi-Service Center, and Christamore House, have teamed up to
      run an exciting job readiness program for 14 and 15 year old area
      residents called the Summer Enrichment Program. Between June 21 and
      August 31, 45 youth will spend 20 hours a week developing life management
      and work ethic skills, learning the computer, visiting area colleges, and
      interacting with guest speakers. The end result will be kids who have a
      better understanding of and vision for their own future, be it college or
      a career.
      The Summer Enrichment Program will conclude with a celebration that
      includes family and friends. We would like to offer our youth a small
      reward for their participation by presenting them with gift certificates
      from Target. Therefore, we are asking you to donate 45, $10 gift
      certificates that can be used toward the purchase of school supplies or
      clothing, in the total amount of $450. In return, we will recognize
      Target as a sponsor during our event and in the event program.
      Target is well known for it's support of the community, and we believe
      that the Summer Enrichment Program represents your interests and concerns
      quite well. I will be happy to supply any additional information you may
      need and thank you for your consideration of our request. We look forward
      to hearing from you.
      Sincerely,
      Valery De Long Director of Development
    
  

  
  
    
      MMM F_NAME L_NAME TITLE COMPANY ADDRESS CITY,ST ZIP March 4, 1999
      Dear LTR_NAME:
      CCI has come a long way in the last five years. We've worked hard to
      structrue the organization so that we've ready to move boldly into the
      next century, and I believe that we have an exciting and successful
      future ahead of us.
      One of the areas we've decided to focus on is development. It's clear
      that if we don't increase our base of private funding, we won't have the
      kind of control we need to ensure the continued success of our centers
      and the very important services they offer. In 1998, CCI served 31,484
      individuals right in their own backyards. Where else would that many
      people turn if CCI weren't there to help?
      The community initiatives committee is working with our development
      office to put together a long-range fundraising plan that will ultimately
      bring more money into our centers. This in turn will help us to increase
      and even improve the services we offer.
      With this in mind, I am asking each one of you to make a personal
      contribution of $50, $100 or even $1,000 to show that you believe in the
      work that we do and are willing to support it with both your time and
      your finances. This way when we go out to ask for community support and
      are asked about our board giving level, we can show our in-house
      commitment through 100% board participation. I also encourage you to seek
      additional support through your company, church, or service
      organization.
      I know that our staff and committee members will be happy to go with
      you to talk to these group if you need their help. We're at an exciting
      juncture and it won't be long until we start seeing solid results from
      our efforts. Your financial support of the development process is just
      one step in making CCI a stronger, more efficient and ultimately more
      effective federation of service providers. Please, make your contribution
      today.
      Sincerely,
      J.Chris Graffeo Chair
      P.S. If you have any questions, feel free to call Valery De Long at
      CCI, 638-3360 x23.
    
  

  
  
    
      July 30, 1999
      Dear Name:
      Question What do you get in 987,165 hours with 291people in 15
      locations?
      Answer 34,700 opportunities to change a life!
      This is exactly what happened in 1997 when Community Centers of
      Indianapolis provided its comprehensive, neighborhood-based services to
      individuals and families all over Marion County. And we can do even more
      in 1999 with your financial support! Just look at the range of services
      we offer:
      70,0001 career assistance for youth Preschool for young children
      School Age Child Care for and children and youth Access services such as
      emergency and holiday assistance for all ages Adult Day Care for seniors
      Senior Case Management Aids Education for youth and adults Senior Social
      Involvement Computer Training for youth, adults and seniors Senior
      Nutrition meal program Day Care for young children Social Development and
      Recreation for children, youth and adults. HIPPY (Home Instructional
      Program for Preschool Youngsters) for families. Stopover crises
      counseling for youth. In Home Services for adults and seniors.
      Transportation for youth and seniors
      
      CCI is a federation of 13 neighborhood-based multi-service centers
      (plus one affiliate) whose mission is to identify and meet the human
      service needs of the greater Indianapolis community in the most
      effective, efficient and comprehensive way possible. Better yet, most of
      these services occur in cooperation with private and public agencies from
      all over the city - CICOA The Access Network, Goodwill Industries,
      Indianapolis Housing Agency, City of Indianapolis, Indianapolis Private
      Industry Council, Family and Social Services administration, OTC, Indy
      Parks, and numerous community development corporations, neighborhood
      organizations, and churches, to name just a few.
      More than 34,000 people benefited from our services in 1997, and the
      final count for 1998 could be even higher. We're asking for a
      contribution in the amount of because you can't got a better bang for
      your buck than to support an organization that impacts so many lives in
      so many ways. Your gift will enable CCI to provide these and other
      necessary services at a neighborhood level, face-to-face, where it
      counts.
      Please, make a tax deductible gift to Community Centers of
      Indianapolis in 1999, and know that COMPANY is playing an important part
      in meeting the needs of its community. If you have any questions, please
      feel free to give us a call at 638-3360. We thank you for your
      consideration, and look forward to hearing from you.
      Sincerely,
      Earline S. Moore President
      Valery De Long Director of Development
      
    
  

  
  
    
      August 4, 1999
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      The goal of MCCOY, Inc. has been to make a difference. In 1998, MCCOY,
      Inc. led two efforts that, we believe, will help our community continue
      to take the steps necessary to help all young people grow up and develop
      well.
      Participants in the Youth Outcomes Educational Initiative identified
      three goals for all our youth to obtain: economic self-sufficiency,
      healthy family, social relationships, and involvement in the community. A
      short time later, the Community Youth Mapping Project sent 55 young
      people out into the community to identify the resources they need to grow
      up well: caring adults, safe places to go, and positive things to do.
      One group of adults and one group of youth, through two very different
      processes, have arrived at the same conclusion; our community still has
      much to do if we are to help ALL of your youth successfully develop into
      the responsible, productive adults who will our community in the
      future.
      As a provider of youth services, MCCOY, Inc. is here to support your
      valuable efforts to develop young people. Recently, through a lot of hard
      work and alliances with organizations like yours, some steps have been
      taken in our community that will help young people continue to be
      involved in positive activities. One, IndyGo in April adopted a
      much-needed policy that all young people under the age of 19 may ride on
      their buses at half the normal fare all year long. Two, funding was made
      available this summer for youth organizations and churches to conduct
      positive youth programming on Saturday evenings. Through the youth
      mapping process, it was confirmed that the positive opportunities for
      youth on weekend evenings were lacking. That need is being met.
      As it has been an exciting year for all of us, MCCOY, Inc. cannot do
      its part without the support of organizations like yours. Annually, we
      ask several of our youth serving organizations to join us in our effort
      to help young people grow up well in Indianapolis. Enclosed is a donation
      card that will enable you to make Indianapolis a great place for ALL of
      us to live. If you have any questions or concerns at any time, please do
      not hesitate to call me at 921-1288.
      Sincerely,
      John F. Brandon, President MCCOY, Inc.
    
  

  
  
    
      January 5, 1997
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Bill:
      This is the time of year when our thoughts turn to ways to do things
      differently, things that will make our lives better and improve the
      quality of our life. As you begin that process this year, I would like to
      ask you to consider helping young people in Marion County toward more
      positive youth development by becoming a supporter of the Marion County
      Commission on Youth, Inc.
      MCCOY Inc., originally founded as a government agency but re-organized
      in 1993 as an independent not-for-profit, is a county-wide youth services
      coordinating, planning, and convening agency. Its purpose is to encourage
      collaboration and cooperation between the various agencies, programs, and
      systems that serve our community's youth. In addition to that
      behind-the-scenes role, MCCOY has taken an out-front role in developing a
      Summer Bus Pass, neighborhood youth councils, and the We Value Youth
      information line. It is our goal that every young person in Marion County
      have access to the programs and services that can best assist them in
      their growth toward a positive adulthood.
      I am hopeful that you as an individual and Meridian Insurance as a
      corporation might consider becoming sustaining supporters of MCCOY. I
      have enclosed a packet of information about MCCOY and its work as well as
      an application with various options for supporting the youth of our
      community.
      I obviously can't tell the whole story of MCCOY in a single letter but
      I hope this provides an overview of the scope of our work. I will call
      you in a few weeks to discuss your level of interest. Please consider
      joining together with your fellow citizens in support of the work of the
      Marion County Commission on Youth.
      Sincerely,
      John Brandon Executive Director
    
  

  
  
    
      October 7, 1996
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      In the summer of 1993, the Marion County Commission on Youth began
      what can best be described as a "new era" in its history. MCCOY was
      reorganized as an independent, not-for-profit agency, separate from local
      government. It retained, however, the same mission with which it had been
      charged from its inception: to serve as a catalyst for effective,
      coordinated, and collaborative service delivery to youth in our
      community.
      For the past three years, MCCOY has been actively engaged in
      accomplishing this declared mission in cooperation with many others:
      youth service providers, youth, funding bodies, and interested citizens
      to name a few.
      We have met with a number of successes along the way, most notably the
      Summer Fun Line, the Metro Summer Bus Pass, and the development of ten
      neighborhood youth councils. A Providers Council and a Youth Coalition
      are building relationships that will hopefully bear great fruit in the
      years to come. The formation of The Community Academy, a pilot project
      directed at expelled students from local school systems, has come about
      as a result of MCCOY's efforts to mobilize community agencies in response
      to a pressing issue.
      McCoy is actively represented and working with numerous community
      collaborations where we regularly raise our voice to speak out for the
      inclusion of young people in both decision-making and program planning
      processes. One concrete example is a joint project undertaken in the
      United Northwest Area in partnership with The Junior League of
      Indianapolis and Community Partnerships with Youth from Fort Wayne,
      Indiana. As a team, these three organizations are working with
      neighborhood youth and adults to build a "Caring Neighborhood with Youth"
      , mobilizing the assets of young people and adults as partners to build a
      better neighborhood for all.
      Since its re-organization, MCCOY has established its unique niche
      within the community by refraining from direct service programming and
      focusing on what it does best: helping to identify youth needs, convening
      groups of individuals and organizations which can address those needs,
      and moving toward collaborative solutions. McCoy has only one interest:
      the well being of Marion County's young people.
      McCoy invites the support of The __ Company Foundation in the amount
      of $10,000.00 to support such activities as:
      ---- the co-ordination of youth leadership training and youth
      empowerment efforts at the neighborhood level by means of
      neighborhood-based youth councils; ---- the promotion of youth employment
      opportunities; ---- the facilitation of ongoing discussions regarding
      effective and efficient youth service delivery;
      ---- the provision of technical assistance and guidance to
      neighborhoods which seek positive youth-adult relationships;
      ---- the development of community-wide supports for the positive
      growth of all Marion County young people.
      In the last several years, the business and corporate community has
      recognized that the positive development of youth is directly related to
      the development of a competent workforce. Youth who are supported and
      encouraged by both a family and a society that values
      
      Them have a much greater likelihood of becoming productive and
      contributing members of adult society. While we have made significant
      inroads, there remains much to be done and it is clear that we cannot do
      it alone. We seek the financial support of the Foundation to help us be
      successful in creating the atmosphere in our community where young people
      can grow and develop well. Your contribution will enable us to both
      continue and expand the good work we have begun in making Indianapolis a
      city famous for its commitment to youth and families.
      In our fund raising efforts to date, we have received the support of
      local government, foundations, and corporations as well as the personal
      financial commitments of individual MCCOY Board members. We believe there
      is no more appropriate time to have a coordinated and collaborative
      effort to financially support the services MCCOY offers to the community
      as a whole.
      Thanking you in advance for your support, we remain,
      Sincerely,
      John T. Neighbours Philip B. Roby President Treasurer
      John F. Brandon Executive Director
    
  

  
  
    
      July 28, 1999
      Dear
      Join us for the "Sale of the Century" at JCC Auction '99, on Saturday,
      November 13, 1999. The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous
      scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis, a
      United Way agency. Because you are an organization that cares, you are
      invited to become an integral part of this fabulous event by becoming a
      corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
      The JCC would be very pleased to welcome your organization as a
      corporate sponsor. We are seeking to build partnerships between
      businesses and our not-for-profit agency. As a sponsor, you and your
      guests will have a special evening, knowing that your tax deductible
      contribution will help support preschool, childcare, senior and
      resettlement services, as well as quality cultural events in our
      community.
      Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample
      auction book from last year's event, JCC market statistics and an
      overview of the many programs that will be preserved and strengthened
      through your generous support.
      One of us will call you to discuss how your company can become an
      important highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our
      scholarship programs. If you have any questions, please feel free to call
      Myrna Weinberger at 251-9467, ext. 256. Thank you in advance for your
      consideration.
      Sincerely, Judy Laikin, Chair Auction '99 Sponsor Committee
      
    
  

  
  
    
      October 27, 1998
      Dear Name:
      Join us for the "Sale of the Century" at JCC Auction '99, on Saturday,
      November 13, 1999. The 9th annual JCC Auction will benefit the numerous
      scholarship programs of the Jewish Community Center of Indianapolis, a
      United Way agency. Because you are an organization that cares, you are
      invited once again to be an integral part of this fabulous event as a
      corporate sponsor for JCC Auction '99.
      We are so grateful for your generous contribution to last year's
      auction. Your continued participation is very important to the JCC, as we
      work to build partnerships between businesses and our not-for-profit
      agency. As a sponsor, you and your guests will have a special evening,
      knowing that your tax deductible contribution will help support
      preschool, childcare, senior and resettlement services, as well as
      quality cultural events in our community.
      Enclosed is a corporate sponsorship package that includes a sample of
      your ad from last year's auction book, current JCC market statistics and
      an overview of the many JCC programs that will be preserved and
      strengthened through your generous support.
      One of us will call you to discuss how your company can continue to be
      an important, highly visible partner with the JCC in support of our
      scholarship programs. If you have any questions, please feel free to call
      Myrna Weinberger at 251-9467, ext. 256. Thank you in advance for your
      consideration.
      Sincerely,
      Judy Laikin, Chair Auction '99 Sponsor Committee
    
  

  
  
    
      
      Name Address City, State, Zip
      Dear Name,
      It's tough growing up today. We know that children do better when they
      have a network of caring adults to nurture and motivate them. When young
      people don't have that support, they need other resources for
      encouragement to guide them along the way. Big Sisters helps bridge that
      gap by providing children with the resources they need -- Big Sisters
      volunteers.
      Big Sisters are mentors and friends who empower girls to more fully
      reach their potential, experience life's opportunities and perhaps begin
      to dream. The relationships that are formed provide strong foundations
      from which healthy values and strong self-confidence can grow, helping
      youth become strong, independent adults of tomorrow.
      This year we will serve over 1,000 girls through our mentoring
      programs. This is an impressive number; but for each girl served, more
      are left unserved. Over 150 girls are currently waiting for a Big
      Sister.
      You can make an impact by supporting Big Sisters Annual Campaign and
      our $200,000 goal. If you are a regular contributor to the Annual
      Campaign, I encourage you to consider increasing your gift by 10%. If you
      have not supported Big Sisters in the past, please join me in doing so by
      completing and returning the enclosed pledge form.
      Early adolescence is the most vulnerable age for youth. But caring
      adults like you can reach out and help. It's the perfect time to make a
      world of difference.
      Sincerely,
      
      
    
  

  
  
    
      August 6, 1998
      Dear Friend:
      Adolescence. It is a pivotal time in the life of a young girl-when
      small changes in her behavior, or the choices she makes, can affect her
      future. It's hard enough for her to make good decisions when she's
      surrounded by support. It's even harder when she isn't.
      Big Sisters helps fill that void by matching caring, responsible adult
      volunteers with at-risk girls, ages 8-14. A Big Sister is a mentor, a
      friend and a role model, helping a young girl to develop the
      self-confidence and life skills necessary to become a responsible,
      productive and successful adult. Your $1,000 contribution can put a
      mentor in a child's life-and hope in a child's future.
      The results of an 18-month study completed by Public/Private Ventures
      showed that children participating in one-to-one Big Sister and Big
      Brother matches for just one year, reduced first time drug use by 46%;
      lowered school absenteeism by 52%; cut aggressive behavior by 33%;
      enhanced school performance; and improved relations with family and
      friends.
      This is positive proof that Big Sisters one-to-one mentoring program
      helps change lives. Today, we are offering you the opportunity to help
      change a life. By contributing $1,000 you can support one match for one
      year. This money maintains the infrastructure that fosters and supports
      the development of effective relationships. This includes a volunteer
      screening process, orientation, training and ongoing supervision and
      support by a professional staff.
      As a Matchmaker you will receive a description of "your match" and be
      identified as a Matchmaker on a plaque in the Big Sisters office, in the
      agency newsletter and annual report.
      Today Big Sisters serves over 1,000 girls in central Indiana. But for
      each girl served, more are left unserved. Over 235 girls are currently
      waiting for a Big Sister. Imagine the difference the community could make
      if each congregation pledged its support of one Big Sisters match!
      I encourage you to Join me in presenting this matchmaker challenge to
      your congregation.
      Sincerely,
      Dr. Linda McCoy Pastor, THE GARDEN A Blossom of St. Luke's United
      Methodist Church
    
  

  
  
    
      August 10, 1999
      Mr. Caring Philanthropy 01234 Giving Way Contribution, USA 56789
      Dear Mr. Philanthropy,
      "The urgency you feel to make changes is just the extent that change
      will be made. Do not sit this one out. Do not play it safe. Understand
      the world and change it where it needs to be changed... Make our society
      better. Make a world worthy of the children that your generation will
      bear." -- Carl Sagan
      You can help make positive changes in the lives of at-risk youth in
      central Indiana. We often hear about economic poverty, but what some of
      these young people are growing up with is emotional poverty-they have
      often given up on hope and the possibility of a successful future. With
      your help, we can change that.
      Many Little Sisters are preparing to go back to school this fall full
      of hope and with a positive outlook. Thanks to our Big Sisters
      volunteers, these young people are self-confident, believe in themselves
      and are beginning to realize their full potential. A recent study by
      Public/Private Ventures (PPV) showed that girls who had a Big Sister for
      just one year:
      reduced first-time drug use by 46% lowered school absenteeism by 52%
      cut violent behavior by 33% enhanced school performance showed improved
      peer and family relationships
      Former Little Sister Amy, now 18-years old, is a testament to the Big
      Sisters program.
      "I was matched with my Big Sister in June of 1992. Since then, she and
      I have grown very close and I have been able to experience lots of new
      things. We go to movies, dinner, concerts, and other stuff like that, but
      I have also been able to participate in charity events and fundraiser
      type things.
      Not only did I have a lot of fun with my Big Sister, but I learned a
      lot from her too. I have become more open-minded, more responsible, and,
      most importantly, I have gained a lot more self-confidence. I am very
      thankful to the Big Sisters program for allowing me this very special
      opportunity.
      In 1998, Big Sisters served 972 young people through its many
      programs. But the need is still great. Over 170 young people are still
      waiting for a mentor.
      You are an important part in making sure these young people are
      matched with caring adult mentors. Will you make a financial gift to Big
      Sisters in 1999 that will ensure that more young people receive the
      guidance they need, that more young people stay in school, stay off drugs
      and make good choices?
      Your contribution will be used to recruit and retain quality
      volunteers. It will also be used to help maintain the infrastructure that
      fosters and supports the development of effective relationships,
      including volunteer orientation and training and ongoing supervision and
      support by a professional staff. This year your gift can go farther!
      Gifts of $100 or more will be matched thanks to a special 25th
      Anniversary $100,000 Challenge Grant and will be placed in the Growth For
      Girls Fund. This fund will support the goal of having 550 mentoring
      relationships by the end of 1999 and 1,200 by the end of 2004.
      If you would like to find out more about the Big Sisters program,
      please call us, (317) 634-6102 and ask for Ellen Robinson. Thank you very
      much for your time, attention and consideration.
      Sincerely,
      Andrew T. Burns Patron Relations Chairperson
      P.S. When you give to Big Sisters, you can get 50% back! For a minimum
      contribution of $250, you become eligible for a 50% Indiana state tax
      credit through the Indiana Department of Commerce Neighborhood Assistance
      Program (NAP). A limited number of credits are available. To receive an
      application form, check the NAP box on the enclosed pledge card or call
      us, (317) 634-6102, ext. 20.
    
  

  
  
    
      March 29, 1999
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      The 1999 Invest in Youth Campaign is in full swing. As a former board
      member, the success of the YMCA is still important to me. We must be able
      to reach all youth and families interested in values-based programs. The
      Invest in Youth campaign helps insure this.
      New initiatives in the inner-city are taking hold. The Urban Mission
      Branch is reaching out to middle school youth with programs based on
      caring, honesty, respect and responsibility for themselves and others.
      For some, these are very different messages from the ones heard in the
      street. They are learning to make positive choices concerning alcohol,
      tobacco and other drugs and to support each other when those choices are
      challenged.
      You have shared in the vision and the leadership of the YMCA of
      Greater Indianapolis. I now invite you to continue to support the mission
      and the message that is so important to building strong kids, strong
      families and strong communities. Please consider joining the Chairman's
      Roundtable with a gift of $1,000. I have enclosed a pledge card for your
      convenience. We would like to announce the success of this year's
      campaign at the Annual Meeting on April 27, so please return you pledge
      or gift within the next 30 days.
      Thank you.
      Sincerely,
      Richard H. Gilbert, Jr. Past Board Member YMCA of Greater
      Indianapolis
      
    
  

  
  
    
      
      August 25, 1999
      Dear Friend of the YMCA:
      It's hard to believe that school is beginning and Autumn will be here
      in just a few short weeks. Children are back in their classrooms enjoying
      the fun of renewing friendships and activities interrupted by summer
      vacation.
      However, some families in our community are wrestling with the problem
      of providing a safe and caring environment for their children during,
      before and after school hours. You can help.
      It is not widely recognized that in our community there are families
      in need. Each year the Hamilton County YMCA awards over $50,000 in
      scholarships to families who are at or near poverty. Many of these
      scholarships are for before and after school care for children of working
      parents.
      The funds for these scholarships come from concerned neighbors like
      you who contribute in the YMCA's Invest in Youth Program. Please consider
      a gift of $25 or more to help insure that a Hamilton County child will be
      in safe, age appropriate activities before and after school. Give a youth
      a chance to receive help with homework, healthy snacks, and value-based
      programs that are fun. Every dollar you give goes directly to
      scholarships for youth in our community.
      Together we can build strong kids, strong families and a strong
      community.
      Thank you.
      Sincerely,
      Pam McConey Executive Director--Hamilton County YMCA
      
    
  

  
  
    
      December 16, 1998
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear (Greetings):
      It is with great pleasure that I take this opportunity to share with
      our YMCA family some of the wonderful activities and accomplishments of
      the International Committee in 1998. We continue to stay active in
      Eastern Europe, in the rebuilding of life in Liberia, and with our Sioux
      Indian YMCA, sharing the strengths that each of us possess, so as to
      strengthen both of us in the process. The life-changing experiences that
      are made possible because of YMCA International work will remain with the
      youth and adults who participate for a lifetime! Thank you in advance for
      helping to keep our outreach and exchange alive!
      Please take a moment to look over the highlights of 1998!
      Partnership with YMCA of Liberia - In 1998, we continued our efforts
      to help the YMCA of Liberia re-establish after 7 years of civil war.
      Thanks to a generous contribution from the Society of Retired YMCA
      Executives, partial funding was made available for us to host an
      International Camp Counselor from the Liberia YMCA. Eugenia Langford, a
      staff member of the Liberia YMCA, spent the entire summer working at the
      Ruth Lilly YMCA Outdoor Center. While there, she was provided with
      program, leadership, and management training and experiences and a wide
      variety of opportunities to work in various roles at the center.
      Partnership with Latvia YMCA - A delegation of three staff members and
      one volunteer from the YMCA of Greater Indianapolis traveled to Latvia in
      late April to provide additional training to their staff and volunteers
      in baseball skills and camp management. A highlight of their trip was
      visiting a new, remote YMCA location and helping them get started with
      their programs. The Ruth Lilly YMCA Outdoor Center hosted an
      International Camp Counselor from Latvia for the summer and three young
      adults from Latvia were our guests this summer for three weeks to
      participate in the YMCA World Camp program.
      World Alliance of YMCAs - Craig Wells, long time member of the YMCA of
      Greater Indianapolis International Committee, was nominated to represent
      the YMCA of the USA as a young adult delegate to the 14th World Council
      in France, Germany in July. As a result of his participation, he was
      nominated to join the YMCA of the USA's International Committee.
      World Camp 1998 - The YMCA of Greater Indianapolis hosted 9
      International young adults - 3 from Egypt, 1 from Liberia, 4 from Latvia,
      and 1 from Australia - this summer for World Camp 1998. During their
      visit with us, they worked at resident and day camps, enjoyed homestays,
      toured the Indianapolis area, and visited YMCA branches. The highlight of
      their experience in the United States occurred August 16-22, when the
      International guests and their American partners attended a regional
      World Camp program at YMCA Camp Potawotami in Fort Wayne, IN.
      Sioux Indiana Cultural Immersion Program -- Board Member Susie Davis
      and staff member, Andy Hill led a delegation of teens who spent a week at
      the Sioux Indiana YMCA in S. Dakota for the second year in a row. Susie
      Davis received an Outstanding International Leader Award from the YMCA of
      the USA for creating this program in 1997. The YMCA of the USA also named
      it an Outstanding International Program in 1997.
      YMCA International Conference -- Four delegates (3 volunteers and 1
      staff attended the YMCA International Conference in Toronto, Canada in
      October. Representatives from 43 different countries were in attendance.
      Workshops focused in YMCA initiatives around the globe such as: community
      development, refugee relief, teen programs, youth sports, exchanges, and
      much more. While there, the delegation spent extended periods of time
      with Peter Kamei, General Secretary (Director) of our partner YMCA in
      Liberia.
      World Service Fund Raising -- All YMCA International Programs and
      World Service Projects are funded through special fund raising efforts of
      the branches and the International Committee. The primary funding source
      is the YMCA International Open, which will be held next year on Thursday,
      July 15, 1999 at noon at Pebble Brook Golf Club. Please call 266-9622 and
      ask for Mary to register your foursome early.
      I hope that you agree that these activities are essential to being a
      part of a world community. The most important way to express that
      approval is through a financial contribution to support the work of the
      International Committee. Your support is vital and your generosity will
      make a real difference.
      "Therefore, since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses,
      let us lay aside every weight and the sin that clings so closely, and let
      us run with perseverance the race that is set before us..." Hebrews
      12:1-2 With best wishes for the Holidays,
      Christie Kile Love Michele Goodrich International Committee Chair Vice
      President-Operations
      
    
  

  
  
    
      July 29, 1999
      Name Address City, ST, Zip
      Dear Name:
      Thank you for visiting the Ruth Lilly YMCA Outdoor Center. Camp is now
      in full swing and the kids are having a great time.
      We would like to give middle school youth who are part of our Urban
      Mission Branch a chance to participate in an outdoors experience. The
      opportunities presented by the Ruth Lilly Outdoor Center offer these kids
      learning experiences not available in the inner-city environment. Please
      consider a grant of $10,000 in support of fall and spring weekend
      adventures for 30 girls. The weekends will include team course,
      environmental education, and self-esteem building for youth ages 10
      through 14.
      A critical transition takes place between 3rd grade and the 8th grade
      - elementary school to middle school. A survey of over 36,000 Indiana
      youth conducted by the IU Prevention Resource Center found that
      approximately two-thirds of substance abuse begins with this age group.
      Therefore, this age group continues to need more adult supervision and
      positive programs during after school hours. Many skills and life
      patterns, which are key components for self-sufficiency, are formed
      during this period.
      The Urban Mission Branch was established to address this underserved
      age group. The Branch's goals focus on increasing the percentage of youth
      who: Grow into mentally and physically healthy adults; Know how to
      structure their lives in ways that produce meaning and enjoyment; Plan
      their high school program to allow them to qualify for future higher
      education, even if the current goals are vocational; Use non-violent
      conflict resolution skills when needed; Reach adulthood without being
      involved in alcohol, tobacco and other drug use; Are able to develop and
      achieve their goals and aspirations.
      The initial programs have been very successful and the YMCA has been
      invited into more communities within Center Township. One program, which
      has experienced immediate results, is the Sista Friends program. Designed
      to resemble a sorority, this project emphasizes active youth involvement
      in character education to reinforce the enduring values of caring,
      honesty, respect and responsibility. In this way the YMCA seeks to
      fulfill its mission: To put Christian principles into practice through
      programs that encourage personal growth and build health of spirit, mind
      and body for all.
      YMCA of Greater Indianapolis RLYOC-Urban Mission July 29, 1999 Page
      2
      Educational outreach, tutoring services, family planning and mentoring
      are provided in an ongoing and systematic approach to these inner-city
      youth. Students who participate are selected with the help of school
      counselors and other community agencies that serve as the Y's partner. Y
      staff trained in conflict resolution and adolescent programs guide the
      youth through a process of skill and esteem building. Sista Friends is
      based on a similar model that has experienced great success in other
      urban areas. The young people targeted for this program are from School #
      61, Stonybrook Middle School and the Barrington and Bethel Teen
      Centers.
      The program will be evaluated using the YMCA of the USA's Youth
      Development Survey based on The Search Institute's Youth Asset Model. The
      survey will be conducted at the fall and again at the spring weekend.
      Anticipated outcomes from the spring survey include: 80% of youth will
      report increased supervised time in safe environments. 80% of
      participants will report increased conflict resolution skills. 80% of
      participants will have established short and long-term goals for self
      sufficiency in adulthood as measured by staff checklists. 70% of
      participants will report a minimum of 3 hours per week doing homework
      outside of school. 80% of participants will report doing community
      service work on survey. 65% of participants will indicate that being in
      YMCA programs has helped them stay out of trouble. 65% of participants
      will indicate that since they have been coming to the YMCA, caring about
      other people has become more important to them.
      In the next five years, there will be significant new initiatives to
      organize community resources and partnerships for youth development. The
      YMCA has the experience, resources and track record to be in the
      forefront. YMCA leadership can influence these constructive efforts in
      the community to expand youth development programs. The Hoover Family
      Foundation can help us begin with thirty, inner-city young women.
      Thank you for your continued support of community-based projects which
      have an impact.
      Sincerely,
      Roberta L. Donahue, Executive Director Foundation
      Enclosures
    
  

  
  
    
      
      Social Health Association of Central Indiana, Inc. providing family
      life education for youth 1943 Summer 1996
      Dear Parent:
      Your child was a recent participant in a Social Health program at his
      or her school. We hope that you will consider a personal gift to help us
      reach as many of our young people as possible. In these volatile times as
      children and their parents are subjected to mounting pressures in the
      schools, home and workplace and issues of personal responsibility are too
      many times pushed into the background, our mission is even more critical.
      A national emphasis on controlling teen pregnancies and taking
      responsibility for one's actions is already emerging as a major issue in
      the 1996 elections. In short, we all have a major stake in promoting
      responsible behavior among our young people. The Social Health
      Association provides, through its own teachers, age-appropriate,
      abstinence based, in-school programming in three different areas: human
      growth and development; AIDS and STD education; and life skills (conflict
      resolution, peer pressure, decision-making). Our programs are provided to
      schools at a price far below our actual cost. As a result, 60% of our
      budget comes from United Way of Central Indiana, 10% from schools, and
      the remaining 30% from the generosity of business, our own fundraising
      activities and individual gifts. Thus, your gift to Social Health is
      vitally important to our success and can accomplish the following:
      *$48 will pay for one hour of programming in human growth and
      development or AIDS/STD education for approximately 50 students.
      *$60 will pay for one program in the life skills component for
      approximately 50 students.
      *$156 will pay for all three programs for one grade level
      *$240 will pay for human growth and development programming for an
      entire school for approximately 500 students.
      *$500 will pay for all three programs for an entire school for
      approximately 500 students.
      Your support of Social Health Association can help us make a real
      difference in the lives of our children. Thank you for your help.
      Sincerely,
      Nancy Haskell Executive Director
      P.S. If each parent on our list contributes just $10, we would have
      $10,000 to start the 1996-97 school year.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Social Health Association of Central Indiana, Inc. providing family
      life education for youth since 1943
      Summer 1996
      Dear Friend:
      Your child was a recent participant in a social Health Program at his
      other school. We hope that you will consider a personal gift to help us
      offer our young people as possible.
      In these volatile times as children and their parents are subjected to
      mounting pressures in the schools, home and workplace and issues of
      personal responsibility are too many times pushed into the background,
      our mission is even more critical. A national emphasis on controlling
      teen pregnancies and taking responsibility for one's actions is already
      emerging as a major issue in the 1996 elections. In short, we all have a
      major stake in promoting responsible behavior among our young people. The
      Social Health Association provides, through its own teachers,
      age-appropriate, abstinence based, in-school programming in three
      different areas: human growth and development; AIDS/STD education; and
      life skills (conflict resolution, peer pressure, decision-making). Our
      programs are provided to schools at a price far below our actual cost. As
      a result, 60% of our budget comes from United Way of Central Indiana, 10%
      from schools, and the remaining 30% from the generosity of business, our
      own fundraising activities and individual gifts. Thus, your gift to
      Social Health is vitally important to our success and can accomplish the
      following:
      *$48 will pay for one hour of programming in human growth and
      development or AIDS/STD education for approximately 50 students.
      *$60 will pay for one program in the life skills component for
      approximately 50 students.
      *$156 will pay for all three programs for one grade level.
      *$240 will pay for human growth and development programming for an
      entire school for approximately 500 students.
      *$500 will pay for all three programs for an entire school for
      approximately 500 students.
      Your support of Social Health Association can help us make a real
      difference in the lives of our children. Thank you for your help.
      Sincerely,
      Nancy K. Haskell Executive Director
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Summer 1997
      Dear Friend:
      The good news is that the teen-age birth rate has fallen almost 9%
      since 1991. The bad news is we have a long way to go. Less than 10% of
      schools nationally have anything approaching a comprehensive sexuality
      education program. Yet, study after study has shown that unresolved
      curiosity, not knowledge, is more apt to lead to early sexual
      involvement. The mission of the Social Health Association of Central
      Indiana is "to promote healthy behavior and responsible relationships
      through sexuality education and life skills training. our education
      programs are abstinence-based, factual and encourage individuals to make
      responsible choices."
      The degreed educators of the Social Health Association provide
      in-school presentations in three areas:
      Human Growth & Development
      Sexually Transmitted Infections (including AIDS)
      Life Skills (conflict resolution, assertiveness, peer pressure and
      decision-making)
      These programs are provided at a price far below actual cost. Each
      hour of instruction costs approximately $100, of which the United Way Of
      Central Indiana pays $60. The balance comes from fees, special events,
      grants and individual gifts. Thus, your gift to Social Health is vitally
      important to our success and can accomplish the following:
      $40 will pay for one hour of programming.
      *$160 will pay for one program for an entire grade.
      *$240 will pay for all three programs in one grade.
      *$400 will pay for one program for an entire school.
      A list of the schools served during the 1996-97 school year is
      enclosed. You may designate your contribution to a specific school if you
      choose. Your support of the Social Health Association can help us make a
      real difference in the lives of our children.
      Thank you so much for your help.
      Sincerely,
      Nancy K. Haskell Executive Director
      
    
  

  
  
    
      December 1999
      Each day you participate directly and indirectly in a search for a
      cure for cancer through your work with Walther Cancer Institute. By
      sharing your expertise, you join a network of professionals committed to
      finding ways to eliminate cancer as a cause of suffering and death.
      Once a year, we ask you to consider supporting the mission of the
      Institute in another way -- through a charitable contribution.
      Just as a disease as complex as cancer will not be cured by just one
      scientist at just one university, finding better ways to prevent, treat
      and eventually cure cancer will require support from all of us.
      Please use the enclosed form and envelope to send a contribution
      through a check or credit card. Or, you may use payroll deduction to make
      your gift.
      Your gift may be restricted to the research area of your choice.
      Please indicate the specific research area on the enclosed form. In
      addition, please provide your phone number in case we have any questions.
      Gifts designated for a specific area of research are matched on a
      one-to-one basis by a special fund established by our Board of
      Directors.
      As with all gifts to the Institute, 100% of your contribution will be
      used directly for research. Our endowment allows us to use your money
      exclusively for cancer research, not administrative overhead.
      Please call Sharyl Hamblen at 921-2049 or Kim Gattle at 921-2056 if
      you have any questions. Thank you again for sharing our hope for a future
      without cancer.
      Happy Holidays,
    
  

  
  
    
      January 2000
      Dear Friend:
      In November, we sent letters sharing with you a story about the Boys
      & Girls Club, a wonderful, positive place for children and youth in
      our community. We hope you had an opportunity to read about Robert and
      his time at the Club before the letter became lost in the numerous pieces
      of mail one receives over the holidays. The new year is here, and it
      offers us an occasion to share with you another way your gift can touch
      the life of a child.
      Children come to the Club each day after school; many ride the vans
      and run into the building with backpacks and books. One little girl runs
      in and gives a special hug to a member of our staff. This child, Becky,
      is six years old and lives with her father. She often has a drawing or
      craft project which she made in school. Becky gives the "artwork" to our
      staff member who hangs the budding artist's work on the office door. The
      staff member has mentioned several times to Becky that she should take
      the art home, but Becky doesn't want to; she wants the staff person to
      have it. Becky is a friendly, bright little girl who often gets confused
      and will refer to a female staff person as "mommy". The Club can never
      replace a parent, but the caring staff and volunteers can help fill the
      void in Becky's life during the few hours she is there each day.
      Touching the lives of youth on a daily basis, helping develop new
      skills, and preparing children to face the challenges of the next century
      are the Club's strengths. And we need Your help to meet the
      challenge!
      Please help more children in Hamilton County, like Becky, know about a
      safe positive place for them in their non-school hours. Won't you take a
      few minutes today and invest in a youth. A contribution of $395 provides
      full participation in the Club for a boy or girl for one year; however,
      your gift in any amount can make a difference in a child's life.
      Sincerely,
      Chuck Crow, Chair Sustaining Membership Campaign
      Don McMahon Board President
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, commonly known as "crib death," is our
      nation's major cause of death for infants one week to one year of age.
      Annually SIDS claims the lives of approximately 3,000 babies in the
      United States. It is one of the more significant factors that places the
      United States 20th among the 36 industrialized nations of the world in
      infant mortality rates. SIDS is a public health issue of utmost concern
      to every new and expectant parent--and grandparent--in the United States
      today.
      Although research is beginning to provide answers regarding factors
      that may increase the risk for SIDS and suggest actions parents can take
      to reduce the risks, these measures will not save all babies.
      We still do not know what causes SIDS, we cannot predict which babies
      are vulnerable, nor can we prevent all SIDS deaths. Further research is
      needed and families still need help.
      The SIDS Alliance is a non-profit, tax exempt national voluntary
      health organization, established over a decade ago to combat SIDS. The
      SIDS Alliance and its 50 Affiliates throughout the United States are
      dedicated to eliminating SIDS through research, serving SIDS families,
      and educating professionals and the general public about SIDS. The SIDS
      Alliance meets all National Charities Information Bureau (NCIB)
      standards, and is listed in the NCIB Wisegiving Guide.
      The SIDS Alliance has also received a high rating (A-) from the
      American Institute of Philanthropy, and has been named one of the top
      children's charities in America by Parenting, Child and Parents
      magazines.
      Until our future is free from SIDS, the SIDS Alliance will continue to
      serve as a source of strength for the tens of thousands of families who
      have experienced the loss of a beloved baby to SIDS, an advocate for
      compassion and public understanding, and a catalyst for finding solutions
      through research. Our battle is far from over and we are grateful for
      your support of our efforts.
      We count on your continuing interest in Sudden Infant Death Syndrome,
      the SIDS Alliance and our programs. We need volunteers to help provide
      essential services to families whose lives are tragically changed by the
      loss of a baby; and financial support to expand our public education and
      research efforts that will some day solve this mysterious threat to our
      children's lives. Please consider making a contribution to help us SAVE
      OUR BABIES. The dream of a future free of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome is
      a gift we can give our children. Thank you for helping make that dream
      come true.
      Do not hesitate to telephone us on our toll-free hotline
      (1-800-221-7437) if you have further questions.
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Friend:
      Thank you for requesting material from the American Association of
      Kidney Patients. We hope you find the enclosed material beneficial.
      I'd like to take this opportunity to invite you to become a member of
      AAKP. Members receive a membership package that includes all of our
      educational material, a subscription to aakp RENALlFE, membership in a
      local chapter if applicable and assurance that your voice is heard in
      Washington, DC. I have enclosed a membership application for your use or
      you can call us at (800) 749-2257 to join today.
      I hope you join our family of patients, loved ones and professionals.
      Your membership will keep you up to date on the newest advances in
      end-stage renal disease. I look forward to seeing your name on our
      membership list.
      Sincerely,
      Kris Robinson Executive Director
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear ,
      Thank you for your interest in Children's Harbor.
      I'm enclosing some information on Children's Harbor which I hope
      you'll find interesting. We were founded in 1989 by Ben and Luanne
      Russell who wanted to do something special for children here on Lake
      Martin. Our mission is to strengthen children and families, and we are
      now focusing our resources on children who have long-term, serious
      illnesses and their families. We provide free counseling and support
      services to them through our office in Birmingham, and we have camping
      and adventure services for them here on our Lake Martin Campus.
      Unfortunately, There are over 1,000 families each year who have a
      child diagnosed with a serious illness at Children's Hospital of Alabama.
      The names of these illnesses are some of the most feared in our society:
      cancer, cystic fibrosis, renal failure - just to name a few. Children's
      Harbor is working with many of these children and their families to help
      them cope with the changes brought on by a chronic illness and to help
      them lead productive lives both now and in the future
      We are privately funded by thousands of individuals, clubs,
      businesses, churches, foundations -and others. Our founders underwrite
      administrative and fundraising costs so that other contributions go to
      provide services to the, children and their families.
      If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call or e-mail
      me.
      Sincerely
      Marilyn J. Ray Director of Public Relations and Financial
      Development
    
  

  
  
    
      May 25, 2000
      Dear ,
      I am writing to thank you for contacting Prevent Child Abuse New York
      and to invite you to continue sharing our mission by becoming a
      member.
      Last year, more than 48,000 New York State children were abused and
      neglected -injured, molested, emotionally abused, denied adequate care
      and supervision. Each week, about 3 children in this state die from child
      abuse or neglect. Most are babies and toddlers, and their parents are
      overwhelmed. You can help.
      Join Prevent Child Abuse New York in protecting children. We are the
      only statewide not-for-profit organization whose primary mission is child
      abuse prevention. As a member , your voice will be added to those of
      others across the state, with the message that we can and must create
      caring communities that support families and shelter children.
      You can help us help overburdened new parents. Healthy Families New
      York is an effective voluntary home visiting program We train staff at
      sites across the state, and assist communities to develop the service for
      their families.
      We provide help by phone 24 hours a day, 7 days a week through the
      Prevention Information Resource Center & Parent Help line. We promote
      compassionate, effective policies to protect children and prevent their
      maltreatment through our Legislative Advocacy. We educate through Child
      Abuse Prevention Month and other public awareness and media
      campaigns.
      All of this is possible because we are a statewide member network.
      Please join us, by sending in your membership-application -today!
      When we receive your membership, we'll send you a thank you gift, one
      of our Blue Ribbon "Prevent Child Abuse" lapel pins. Please help us
      protect New York's children.
      Thank you for your serious consideration of joining Prevent Child
      Abuse New York. I'd be glad to respond to any questions you might have
      about our work. You may call me at 1-800-CHILDREN or 518-445-1273.
      Sincerely,
      Christine S. Deyss Executive Director
      
    
  

  
  
    
      June 4, 1992
      FIELD(contact person) FIELD(address 1) FIELD(city, state, zip)
      Dear Mr. & Mrs. Name:
      It is wonderful to be able to write this letter to you as a special
      friend of the Leukemia Society of America. As you know, my husband Layton
      and I have been active in the Leukemia Society since our son Nick was
      diagnosed with leukemia. And now as a trustee for our local Chapter, I'm
      seeing first hand how our volunteer efforts are paying off for kids like
      Nicholas. The 1990's are expected to be a "break through" decade in the
      search for the causes and cures for leukemia, Hodgkin's disease, and
      related blood disorders. I can also tell you that the 1990's will be a
      "break through " decade for us here at the Indiana Chapter. But we need
      your help! I'm writing to you as one of our strongest supporters asking
      for a gift of $100.00 before June 30 so that we can fulfill our part in
      the Leukemia Society's National Research Program. If you, and just
      seventy-four others provide this very special gift, the Indiana Chapter
      will be able to honor our share of the Leukemia Society's national
      research commitment to researchers like Dr. Elizabeth Taparowsky at
      Purdue University and Dr. Yu-Chung Yang at Indiana University Medical
      Center. Mr. & Mrs. Platter, you've always been there to help when
      we've counted on you. As we come to a close of our fiscal year, would you
      please help us again?
      Sincerely,
      Linda Elliott Special Gifts Chairman P.S. Nick is in his fifth year of
      remission and we're saying he's been cured. But not every kid is as lucky
      as Nick. Your gift today really will make a difference in their
      lives!
    
  

  
  
    
      Keep Indianapolis Beautiful and Barnes & Thornburg
      Cordially invite you to our fifth Annual Donor Recognition
      Luncheon
      Keynote speaker: G/ Raymond Empson, President, Keep America
      Beautiful
      Wednesday, November 10, 1999 11:30am-1pm Barnes & Thornburg 11
      South Meridian Street, Downtown 9th Floor Conference Room
      Thanks to all of you our community is a better, more beautiful
      place.
      We look forward to seeing you at our annual recognition event Space is
      limited. Please RSVP to Tammy Jackson by Tuesday, November 2, 1999 at
      264-7555, ext. 102.
    
  

  
  
    
      June 3, 1999
      Name Address City, ST, Zip
      Dear Name,
      Would you find it rewarding to help fellow Indianapolis residents, who
      despite tremendous challenges, are striving to turn their neighborhoods
      around 180 degrees? What if your contribution to Keep Indianapolis
      Beautiful would only cost you 10-25% of its full value? It can be done!
      Keep Indianapolis Beautiful has been awarded Neighborhood Assistance
      Program (NAP) state tax credits from the Indiana Department of Commerce.
      Please read on to learn more...
      Availability of Neighborhood Assistance Program (NAP) State Tax
      Credits
      Keep Indianapolis Beautiful has been awarded $50,000 of tax credits by
      the Indiana Department of Commerce. We are able to offer these on a first
      come, first serve basis, until June 30, 1999. A NAP state tax credit
      chart is included to illustrate how the credits work. Your contribution
      is more than a simple tax-deductible donation. These credits help reduce
      an individual's or business' overall state tax liability. Donors receive
      tax credits equaling 50% of their contributions. So, $1,000 donors
      receive $500 worth of NAP credits, reducing their state tax liability by
      $500. In addition, the full donation of $1,000 can be itemized as a
      federal income tax deduction. An example: if you are in the 35% tax
      bracket and choose to give $1,000, the federal deduction is worth $350.
      Coupled with the $500 state tax credit, your $1,000 donation costs just
      $150.00, only 15% of the value of the contribution! To many of our
      donors, the benefits seem almost too good to be true- but they are firm
      believers now!
    
  

  
  
    
      February 25, 1999
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name,
      An inner city church creates a linear park, eliminating an alley that
      had more drive-through drug traffic than the neighborhood fast food
      restaurant...
      A girl on the near northwest side walks past a community garden and
      playground today, where not long ago a vacant lot sat littered and
      loitered upon...
      24,000 community volunteers pick up 2 million pounds of litter, plant
      1,200 trees and paint 50 homes for the poor and elderly...
      Not a bad year, 1998 and Keep Indianapolis Beautiful couldn't have
      done it without the financial support of businesses and individuals like
      you.
      In November, we sent you a letter asking you to include us in your
      1999 budget. The important work we do with community-based organizations,
      schools and churches is only limited by the financial resources we're
      able to raise. Won't you join us in our efforts by continuing your
      support in 1999?
      With your help, there will be more success stories like those we
      mentioned above. With your support, we'll continue to work with the
      community toward our vision of making Indianapolis the most beautiful
      city in America!
      We have provided an invoice to facilitate your gift. If you'd like to
      make a donation at a later date, please indicate your pledge on the
      invoice and return it to us. Thanks in advance for your gift, and for
      helping us "Keep Indianapolis Beautiful!"
      Sincerely,
      David Forsell Tammy Jackson Vice President Contributions Manager
      P.S. For a contribution of $250 or more, we will send you a signed, 16
      x 20 limited edition print by local artist Cami Forsell, showing the
      dedication of the Shepherd Community linear park mentioned in this
      letter!
    
  

  
  
    
      September 8, 1999
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Jo Ellen,
      Though we at Keep Indianapolis Beautiful enjoy sharing our story, we
      thought it might be a nice change for you to hear from some of the people
      who have worked with us to create positive changes in our community. "Our
      corporate volunteer shirts read 'Making the Community a Better Place to
      Live.' Keep Indianapolis Beautiful helps us do this by providing us
      opportunities to work with outstanding people in our community." (Mark
      Gould, Union Federal Savings Bank) "We're a small company that wants to
      create a presence in the community, and help it thrive. Keep Indianapolis
      Beautiful is an organization that helps us do that." (Steve Sullivan,
      Heartland Golf Cars and Equipment) "We are long-time supporters of Keep
      Indianapolis Beautiful. We're in it because we believe that as a company,
      we need to give back to the community that supports us." (Dennis
      O'Connor, The Kroger Company) We are proud to say that we have a long
      list of donors, many of whom have been long-time supporters! "Why would I
      want to get involved," you ask? While we have accomplished a lot with our
      partners, fulfilling our mission of helping people and beautifying the
      environment is a constant effort! Through July 1999, Keep Indianapolis
      Beautiful and more than 15,000 volunteers have planted 502 trees,
      beautified 102 properties, painted 55 homes, created 8 parks/gardens, and
      cleared 233 neighborhoods of unsightly litter and debris. As we strive to
      continue and improve upon our efforts for the community, it is our hope
      that you will join us by providing Keep Indianapolis Beautiful with a
      generous gift. Your contribution will help thousands of people create a
      beautiful city today, and for future generations. We have enclosed an
      invoice to help facilitate your check. Thank you in advance for your
      generous donation.
      Sincerely,
      David Forsell Tammy Jackson Vice President Contributions Manager
      P.S. Please remember to include Keep Indianapolis Beautiful in your
      budget for the year 2000!
      
    
  

  
  
    
      National Audubon Society 700 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10003
      Dear Friend:
      The members of the National Audubon Society make up only a small
      fraction- less than one percent of America's population.
      My hope is that you will want to join them. And for this reason I have
      enclosed an interim membership card already inscribed in your name.
      You are invited to accept this free trial membership, including a free
      issue of AUDUBON magazine, for two months without obligation. Simply move
      the token on your invitation from the top to the bottom, detach along the
      perforation, and return it as soon as possible in the postage-paid
      envelope. Later, if you wish to continue as a member, you may do so
      simply by paying our bill for only $20. You may also take advantage of
      our special 2-year membership offer for $30, a savings of almost 60% off
      our regular 2 year rate. Or you may cancel your membership and owe us
      nothing.
      As an Audubon member, you will experience the wonders of our planet in
      a magazine widely considered to be the most beautiful published
      anywhere.
      At the same time, you will be helping to preserve those wonders
      through your support of America's most effective conservation group.
      There are other benefits as well, which I will outline in a moment.
      AUDUBON ...the beauty of a fine art book, the excitement of an
      adventure story.
      In a world of throwaway publications, AUDUBON magazine is truly worth
      reading and worth keeping. Reading it makes you feel the same way you do
      after a walk in the deep woods, or a swim in a crystal-clear lake. You
      feel rewarded. Enriched. Uplifted.
      AUDUBON radiates with magnificent color photographs. For almost 20
      years it has been the premier showcase for the world's finest nature
      photographers...the world's most thoughtful and motivating nature
      writers. AUDUBON has won the prestigious National Magazine Award not
      once, but...four times.
      AUDUBON will expand your world. It will bring the magnificence of
      nature's most breathtaking creations into your home. And, AUDUBON will
      alert you to conservation progress and emerging environmental issues.
      In the Adirondacks you canoe on the Raquette River, and quickly the
      trip takes a radical swerve toward bliss. In the early-morning sun,
      silver lines artists typically draw to represent a loon's wake come
      alive. As we look into the sun, all is a silvery glitter, a captivating
      light show with this one color. Rounding a bend, with the sun now behind
      us, the show suddenly transforms to green moss, yellow sand, blue-green
      conifers. Next bend, back to silver. And at every upwelling of currents,
      interruptive tree trunk, or cat's paw of wind, those silver lines
      intensify.
      It's the quintessential Adirondack scene -a favorite of Winslow Homer.
      But to be on the Raquette in springtime pleases more than the eye. You
      are also drenched in birdsong.
      And as you share this bliss, this sense of place with the AUDUBON
      writer who actually experienced it, you begin to understand why we must
      preserve this beauty that is our heritage.
      Lonq live Spring Creek Prairie! Just outside Lincoln, Nebraska,
      there's a 610-acre tract anyone would love to call home. It's called
      Spring Creek Prairie and it's absolutely beautiful. Problem is, its acres
      of rare tallgrass prairie, wetlands, springs, ponds and pristine creek
      and woods are already home to an abundance of wildlife and North
      America's migratory birds. Plus, Native American artifacts are plentiful.
      ..and ruts created by covered wagon traffic on the- Oregon Trail are
      still clearly visible.
      To save this precious, historical land from developers, Audubon worked
      with a local bank and purchased this land for preservation. In turn,
      Audubon will apply for a grant, so birds and wildlife will continue to
      flourish and so that children and adults can come and enjoy this rare
      tract in all its natural splendor.
      In Washington's Wind River Forest, you float above ancient firs and
      hemlocks in a construction crane gondola 20 stories high. You're cruising
      one of the least-explored realms on earth -the intricate web of life in
      the forest canopy.
      On Martha's Vineyard. off Cape Cod, you scan the pre-dawn pine forest
      with a high-tech microphone to solve a bioacoustic mystery: Why this
      island's chickadees sing a different song from all other chickadees in
      the U.S. !
      You share adventures like these in every AUDUBON issue, exploring
      nature's frontiers with today's most intrepid researchers. Finding his
      woods "infested" with an endangered species, the red-cockaded woodpecker,
      a North Carolina landowner launched a preemptive strike. He simply
      clear-cut 600 acres of longleaf pine.
      There would be no more wood, therefore no woodpeckers, therefore no
      annoying government regulations limiting his property rights just to
      protect a bird.
      Yet even this angry landowner wound up living happily ever after with
      the Endangered Species Act. That's because the in- genius Safe Harbor
      Plan made the conservation worth his while.
      This plan is one more reason to preserve the perennially endangered
      Endangered Species Act -the most effective wildlife law ever passed.
      Will the administration live up to its environmental promises? Can we
      save the last of our ancient forests from the chainsaw? Is an economy
      based on non-fossil energy sources an achievable dream? What can be done
      to prevent more catastrophic oil spills?
      AUDUBON keeps you in touch with vital environmental issues. You cannot
      touch, see, or hear the most important benefit of your Audubon
      membership.
      The most important benefit of membership in the National Audubon
      Society gives you nothing immediately tangible in return. Nothing, that
      is, except peace of mind. Nothing except knowing that you are helping to
      protect the Earth's precious natural resources.
      Your dues directly support active and vital programs to protect
      wildlife and habitat, and help ensure a healthier environment.
      Quite simply, very few organizations do more (or more important) work
      to save the balance and beauty of nature plus the acquisition and
      maintenance of wildlife sanctuaries all over America.
      Free admission to Audubon Nature Centers is another advantage of
      membership. You and your family will be awestruck by the sights and
      sounds along Audubon's nature trails, where birds and wildlife exist
      undisturbed. And where natural environments are protected from the
      depredation by man.
      The Audubon Nature Centers are among the most serene and pristine
      places on Earth. You can visit them in Ohio, Connecticut, California, New
      Mexico, and Wisconsin.
      Local chapter membership, exciting adventure tours, special purchase
      opportunities, and more.
      Your National Audubon Society membership also gives you the
      opportunity to be part of the Audubon Network. You can participate in
      enjoyable, worthwhile activities with some very interesting people in
      over 500 U.S. and Canada chapters. One is almost certain to be in your
      area.
      You can make a difference by joining one of Audubon's conservation
      campaigns or programs.
      You can also travel with fellow members to fascinating places like
      Africa, Antarctica, or Chilean Patagonia at reasonable costs. And take
      advantage of offers on select Audubon products. Here's all you have to do
      to begin receiving AUDUBON at once, your FREE CLOCK and enjoy all the
      other benefits of membership in the National Audubon Society.
      Just lift the token on your enclosed membership invitation from the
      top right of the page. Press it firmly to the circle on the bottom left.
      Then detach the lower portion and return to us as soon as possible in the
      postage-paid envelope.
      As a member, you'll get a year's worth of insightful AUDUBON issues.
      Plus, all other membership benefits. Plus, the satisfaction of knowing
      you are doing your part to preserve the Earth's precious natural
      resources. Later, after reviewing your free issue, you wish to become a
      permanent member, you may do so, simply by paying our bill. As soon as we
      receive your dues, we'll ship out your FREE CLOCK. Or you may cancel your
      membership and owe nothing.
      If you decide to continue, as I hope you will, you will be joining
      over 500,000 of the most concerned, interesting, and informed people on
      the face of this struggling Earth. I look forward to welcoming you.
      Sincerely,
      John Flicker President
      P.S. Act today to reserve your FREE CLOCK and become a member of the
      National Audubon Society. You'll be joining the group doing so much to
      help save our threatened planet Earth. And at $20 for one and only $30
      for two years, that's more value for less money than I've heard of in a
      long, long time! So please become an Audubon Society Member now!
      P.S.S. We hope you enjoy using the enclosed postcards to show the
      world how much you care about wildlife.
    
  

  
  
    
      FRANK O'BANNON GOVERNOR
      Dear Friend:
      In looking back at 1998 and forward to the new millennium, we can be
      thankful that these are prosperous times for Indiana. More Hoosiers are
      working and earning higher incomes than at any time in our history. We
      are creating new businesses, jobs, and housing at a record pace. And our
      population is growing for the first time in decades.
      As our state continues to develop, we must work harder to protect
      important natural areas for wildlife and recreation. Thousands of Hoosier
      motorists have been doing just that by purchasing environmental license
      plates.
      Nearly 416,000 of the distinctive plates with the eagle and sun design
      have been sold or renewed, generating more than $10 million since 1993.
      The Indiana General Assembly also has played an important part,
      appropriating $10 million for the program.
      The Indiana Heritage Trust program has bought and protected more than
      20,000 acres for parks, forests, wildlife, nature preserves and
      recreation. Three years ago, the Heritage Trust set aside land for the
      restoration of the Limberlost Swamp, near Geneva in eastern Indiana. This
      is the wetland celebrated by Gene Stratton-Porter in her books, poems and
      photographs. Now, wildlife is returning to the area. Egrets, ducks and
      geese now gather at waterfowl resting ponds in large numbers; and native
      prairie grass has been planted to return natural diversity and other
      wildlife to the area.
      The Limberlost is one of more than 75 projects in which you have
      invested by purchasing an environmental license plate.
      One year ago, I asked you to join me in renewing your environmental
      license plate -so our children and grandchildren can see the majesty of a
      bald eagle soaring over Indiana's rural hills and valleys, so we can
      float down a river in a canoe and enjoy the breathtaking scenery, or so
      we can hike through the woods and see wildflowers in the spring.
      I ask you to join me again this year in supporting the program that is
      doing so much to preserve and protect our natural heritage.
      Sincerely,
      Frank O'Bannon
    
  

  
  
    
      Springtime, 2000
      Dear Friends of the pelicans,
      Twelve baby pelicans were hatched and raised this year just outside
      our pens by the wild pelicans that hang around the Seabird Station. (The
      38 permanently injured pelicans inside our pens are still waiting for the
      approval of the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission and the
      U. S. Fish & Wildlife Service approval before they can breed). One
      little pelican was abandoned by his parents in their haste to start a
      second mating and nesting in the same season. He was about two weeks
      short of being old enough to fly, but still afraid of people and very
      difficult to catch so that we could continue feeding until he was
      self-sufficient. After five days of self-imposed starvation, Harry
      cornered him behind an aviary and fed him, and he immediately jerked
      away, running and flapping to the water's edge where he sat with a pouch
      full of fish.
      The next morning, and every day for the next two weeks, he was in the
      corner behind-the aviary waiting for Harry. Now he comes running out from
      there whenever he sees Harry. How quickly they learn bad habits! Our
      problem now is how to teach him to go out and catch his own fish instead
      of waiting to catch Harry behind the aviary.
      The smallest baby duck we have ever seen was brought to our door about
      three weeks ago. We think it is a wild mallard duck. The rescuer said the
      mother abandoned this baby. We put the little fellow in an indoor cage
      and fed it for about a day until we noticed that it was getting entirely
      too attuned to people, peeping a little greeting whenever someone passed
      his cage. This can lead to a condition called imprinting, where the baby
      grows up thinking it is a people instead of a duck. Although this results
      in a "cute" pet, it is a disaster to the duck because it looks to people
      for its normal social interaction, even the most intimate kind.
      In an effort to avoid imprinting, we enlisted the aid of a regular
      barnyard muscovy duck that was hanging around the Seabird Station. We put
      the baby mallard in a small aviary with the half-grown muscovy, and it
      worked. We were delighted to see the muscovy sitting down and just the
      head of the baby mallard peeking out from under its breast. The next day
      when we went out to the aviary we were concerned that we didn't see the
      baby, even when the muscovy stood up and walked to the other corner of
      the aviary until the baby fell out from under its wing. The baby mallard
      will probably think it's a muscovy when it grows up, but that's better
      than imprinting as a people.
      <begin R12> We've had about 10 cases of botulism among the 105
      sick or injured pelicans that we've received in the last two months,
      which is about as many botulism cases as we normally get in an entire
      year. We've only been able to save about 5 of those 10 birds, by
      supporting them with I/V fluids given through the wing bones (the
      preferred method in birds). Botulism is caused by the toxins excreted
      from bacteria that sometimes occurs naturally when vegetable matter
      decays anaerobically (without oxygen) under the mud. It then bubbles to
      the surface of the water and a small amount is ingested by the pelican
      when he eats. The Botulism Research Laboratory at the University of
      Pennsylvania gave us 30 doses of experimental botulism anti-toxin about
      two weeks ago. The trick is to catch the botulism in the very early
      stages before the toxin attacks the nerves and causes progressive
      paralysis The problem here is that some paralysis is usually the first
      visible symptom. We'll let you know if this anti-toxin turns out to be
      the silver bullet that solves the botulism problem.
      Our sincere thanks to all of you and to Kate & Jon Sage for
      another successful fish drive.
      Sincerely
      Darlene & Harry Kelton and all the other pelicans
      
    
  

  
  
    
      May 23, 2000
      Thank you for your recent inquiry about the Environmental League of
      Massachusetts. Enclosed please find background materials for your review.
      Founded in 1898, we are proud to be one of the oldest conservation groups
      in the nation.
      Your support for our work would be greatly appreciated. It is only
      with the help of concerned citizens that we are able to continue to carry
      out our mission effectively. With the help of friends like you, ELM will
      be here to preserve and protect the Massachusetts environment for many
      years to come.
      ELM members receive our quarterly Bulletin, the best source of
      information on environmental issues in Massachusetts. Members can also
      receive periodic Action Alerts on current issues by either regular mail
      or e-mail. Members receive invitations to special events at various times
      throughout the year.
      If you would like to become a member of ELM, please fill out the
      enclosed membership form and send it back at your earliest convenience.
      You may pay membership dues by check or with Visa or MasterCard, and all
      contributions to the Environmental League are tax deductible.
      If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact the ELM
      staff at 617-742-2553. Again, thanks for your interest in ELM and our
      environment.
      Sincerely,
      Christa M. Vidaver Outreach Coordinator
      P.S. You can find out more about our work and environmental
      developments on Beacon Hill at ELM' s website,
      www.EnvironmentalLeague.org.
    
  

  
  
    
      "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can
      change the world, indeed it's the only thing that ever has." Margaret
      Mead
      Dear Member:
      Day by day ... species by species ... acre by acre ... the last
      precious natural areas here in Indiana are increasingly threatened by
      misuse, neglect, and unchecked development. We are losing natural areas
      and habitats at an alarming rate. The simple fact is, unless you and I
      take steps now to protect our state, future generations will have nothing
      left to save.
      Your partnership with us has made it possible for hundreds of
      threatened species to survive -- and thousands of precious acres to
      remain natural and beautiful. Thanks to your contributions, Indiana is
      still "home sweet home" to thriving wildlife and plants -- and scenic
      landscapes across the state have been preserved for the enjoyment of
      generations to come. And yet, as a member of the Conservancy, you know
      that we can't rest on our laurels or relax and feel secure. We can't
      forget the many hard-fought battles it took to get this far in the
      struggle to save natural areas and habitats. But the struggle continues,
      because our remaining natural land won't be around much longer unless we
      work together to save it now.
      When it comes to the misuse and destruction of our natural areas,
      reality is not only harsh, it is deadly. Once they are developed or
      altered, and their fragile ecosystems are disrupted, we lose them
      forever. The Nature Conservancy's Indiana Chapter follows a clear course
      to protect our state, and we depend on your contributions to make it
      happen. In return, we promise that:
      We will continue to acquire essential tracts of land that protect our
      wildlife --and manage the preserves we now own or run.
      We will redouble our efforts to work cooperatively with landowners,
      developing management plans and conservation strategies that preserve the
      natural character and integrity of thousands of acres.
      We will continue to test new ways to control invasive species that
      threaten many of our native plants and animals with extinction.
      Day by day, your support as a member of the Conservancy becomes more
      and more crucial to the success of our work -- to protect and save
      natural areas that soon may be lost forever. Simply put, your generous
      contributions make all the difference between saving more of Indiana's
      natural areas, or never having another chance to do so.
      You are one of those committed citizens that can change the world.
      Help us take action before we lose another acre ...or another species.
      Mail your check today (or charge your gift) to help us stop the misuse of
      vulnerable natural land.
      Sincerely,
      Mary McConnell Director of Conservation Programs
      P.S. Our work is possible only because of caring members like you. We
      hope we can count on your continued partnership and your support for our
      programs and work. Thank you for your generosity.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      July 2000
      Dear Friend,
      If your pet were lost would you spend $18.39 to get him back?
      Did you know:
      1 out of every 3 pets is lost every year;
      95% of the animals we take in come from Nashua;
      Of that number, 70% are stray, lost pets;
      Last year we aided 1,418 stray animals but 1,191 of them were never
      claimed by their owners;
      Incoming strays increased by 19% over the last three years and is
      expected to continue to climb;
      Almost 80% ($390,000) of our operating budget is consumed by programs
      to serve stray and unwanted animals (the National Charities Information
      Bureau's standard is 60%);
      All these animals need some form of costly care including boarding,
      food, medical care, testing, surgery, medicine, training, or physical
      therapy;
      We are faced with the real possibility of turning away animals if
      donations do not increase.
      Our goal for the remainder of this year is to raise $100.000.00 to
      meet the 2000 operating budget. If each person receiving this letter
      gives just $18.39 we will make the goal. Please donate today.
      Your humane society provides not only effective community social
      services for animals and their people, but also serves as the "pound" for
      the City of Nashua. Pound services ensure that lost pets have a clean and
      safe place to stay and be cared for until their owners can be
      located.
      In the case of animals that are not recovered by-their owners, your
      Humane Society uses a wide variety of - services to aid those animals and
      give them a chance at a happy life. While every animal that makes it to
      the Humane Society receives the care it needs and deserves, the ones that
      go unrecovered claim the lion's share of resources.
      For 21 years we have been under contract with the City of Nashua to
      provide these services, as mandated by state law. Over the years the
      Humane Society has lobbied the mayor's office for ever-increasing levels
      of funding to help us meet expenses. In the past our relationship with
      the City has been quite good, but we have never been able to achieve 100%
      funding for the services the City expects and that which the community
      requires. Instead the City provided only 14% ($57,000) of our 1999
      revenues.
      Twenty-one years of providing care for an increasing number of animals
      has eroded the Humane Society's reserve funds to $35,000; one minor
      emergency and we could be wiped out.
      The most recent three-year pound contract with the City expired on
      June 30, 2000. Six months prior to that we began working with Mayor
      Streeter's office to negotiate a new agreement that would provide the
      funds we need to continue full service to the community without suffering
      the ongoing operating deficits we have endured for over 21 years.
      Mayor Streeter was sensitive to our needs but cited the spending cap
      as the roadblock to providing us with sufficient funding. In June the
      mayor sponsored a resolution seeking $70,000 per year to fund our
      contract for one year with a provision to seek an additional $10,000 from
      the contingency budget in January 2001. The City's Finance Committee
      approved that contract on July 3rd. But if the additional $10,000 is not
      approved by the Board of Aldermen in January our Board of Trustees will
      be forced to cut services.
      Over the course of the next year Executive Director Mike Philbrook,
      along with the Board of Trustees, will continue to work closely with
      Nashua's Aldermen to negotiate an annual contract that will come closer
      to providing the needs of the stray and abandoned animals in Nashua.
      WE NEED YOUR HELP. WE ARE FACED WITH THE REAL POSSIBILITY OF TURNING
      AWAY ANIMALS IF DONATIONS DO NOT INCREASE.
      You can help in two ways:
      1. Please donate today. Our goal for the remainder of this year is to
      raise $100,000.00. If each person receiving this letter gives just $18.39
      we will make the goal. However, the average response rate to our appeals
      is 10%, which means that about 544 of you send in checks -- if history
      repeats itself with this appeal then each of you will have to give $182
      to make the $100,000 goal. We are most grateful for your support in
      whatever amount you can spare! We love animals and we know you do, too.
      Thank you for your support --we can only do this because of you!
      2. Contact your ward Alderman and lobby for his/her support of the
      Humane Society's needs. If you don't know who your Alderman is, contact
      the Mayor's office at 594-3341.
      If you would like more information please call me at (603) 880-1490,
      ext. 235, or email me at john@jghenry.com, or contact Mike Philbrook at
      (603) 889-2275, ext. 23, or email him at philbrook@hsfn.org.
      Thank you for your continued support.
      Sincerely Yours,
      John Henry President of the Board of Trustees
    
  

  
  
    
      
      Dear Friend,
      I am pleased to present the Southeast Neighborhood Development (SEND)
      annual report. For the past several years we have been making a
      significant investment in the southeast side of Indianapolis and the
      families that live in our neighborhood. SEND is taking the lead with new
      and innovative initiatives for urban communities.
      Thanks to our many partnerships, SEND accomplishes its mission through
      five areas of activities: Building and maintaining quality affordable
      homes, emphasizing home ownership. Helping, residents to gain the skills
      needed for independent living. Creating and expanding opportunities for
      neighborhood businesses. Advocating for neighborhood residents.
      Our annual report highlights a few of our successes during the past
      year and the partners who helped make them happen. If you're not already
      a partner and want to be a part of our future, we'd like to talk to you.
      I am a board member of SEND and would like to spend a few moments of your
      time in the near future to tell you, personally, about our programs and
      how you can help. I will call you soon to arrange a time when I can
      introduce myself and, more importantly, introduce the many programs SEND
      is accomplishing in our neighborhood.
      By combining our assets, we can make a difference.
      Sincerely,
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear ,
      Have you noticed your friends mentioning Fountain Square lately? It
      seems that everywhere I go people are making positive observations about
      how our community is on the upswing! This shift in our neighborhood image
      is very satisfying after fifteen years of concerted efforts by South-East
      Neighborhood Development (SEND) to reverse community decline.
      In 1983, community residents and organizations banded together to form
      the organization which is now called SEND. SEND's redevelopment efforts
      have played a major role in rebirth of Fountain Square, directly
      investing more than $12 Million into affordable housing, commercial
      development, and beautification project since 1991. This investment has
      resulted in the renovation and sale of 60 homes to homebuyers of modest
      means, and in the rehab of more than 100 affordable, high quality
      apartments. More than 500 low income home owners, often senior citizens,
      have been able to remain in their homes thanks to home repairs supported
      by SEND. More than 20 businesses have been able to expand and employ more
      residents. Two hundred at-risk neighborhood youth have gained work and
      life skills to overcome the appeal of gangs, drugs, and school drop out
      which constantly threaten their future These direct investments by SEND
      have been a catalyst encouraging millions more in investments by
      residents and businesses who now hold hope for the neighborhood's
      future.
      While the trends of decline are reversing, our work is far from
      complete. Thousands of residents still live in sub-standard conditions,
      our teen pregnancy rate is the highest in the state, only one-third of
      residents have high school diplomas, and half of our residents have
      little hope of participating in community improvements because they do
      not own their home.
      We need your help to continue our work, particularly as we enable area
      families with low incomes to become home owners. The cost of creating
      these homes far exceeds what our buyers cm pay, so we rely on grants and
      individual donations to keep them affordable. I hope you will take this
      opportunity to make a contribution to support SEND's homeownership work.
      As a bonus, we are now able to offer donors of $100 or more a State of
      Indiana Neighborhood Assistance Program (NAP) 50% tax credit. This means
      that half of your contribution will be returned to you through State tax
      savings, while the entire donation amount will remain deductible on your
      Federal taxes. Most donors of $100 will actually be contributing less
      than $30 while SEND benefits from the entire gift. However, these tax
      credits are only available for a limited time, so we ask that you act
      soon if you would like to use them.
      Please join us as we continue to rebuild this historic neighborhood
      into a place of pride and community strength. Feel free to call me if you
      would like, more information on the NAP tax credit program or any of
      SEND's programs.
      Yours in Service,
      William G. Taft Executive Director
      
    
  

  
  
    
      November 20, 1998
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. Name:
      It's exciting to see the revitalization efforts of Greater Fountain
      Square get broad recognition, like in the attached newspaper articles.
      Although these advances are encouraging, our work is far from complete. I
      am writing to you as a donor to SouthEast Neighborhood Development (SEND)
      to update you on both our accomplishments and the challenges we are
      tackling next. For the past fifteen years SEND has been working to
      transform the Southeast Side one project at a time. As you know, SEND is
      a neighborhood-based organization investing in Greater Fountain Square's
      housing, youth, and economic future. In the past eight years SEND has
      renovated over 70 homes for affordable resale to families, created more
      than 100 high quality apartments, assisted 20 businesses to expand or
      improve their facilities, created three new parks, and taught more than
      200 youth work ethics and skills. We have directly invested over $15
      Million into the neighborhood through these programs, and transformed
      hundreds of lives.
      The upcoming year offers even more exciting opportunities. We are
      currently finalizing plans for the transformation of the old G.C. Murphy
      store in Fountain Square into retail, office, and residential space which
      will provide another anchor for the commercial district. We have
      implemented a computer training program for 64 at-risk neighborhood youth
      by partnering with eight other local agencies. We are also studying the
      transformation of a blighted warehouse building into artists' live-work
      loft space, which could become a cultural and economic magnet for the
      area. The impact of these projects will be accelerated by an economic
      development initiative launched this year which will enable new and
      existing businesses to flourish in this neighborhood.
      SEND advances these efforts by forming long-standing relationships
      with local businesses, churches, residents, and other interested groups
      and individuals. Our records indicate that last year you contributed
      $100.00 to our organization. We would like to expand our relationship by
      asking that you make a $200.00 tax-deductible contribution to the work of
      SEND. If such a contribution is not feasible at this time, we would of
      course welcome a renewal of last year's commitment.
      Thank you again for your past and future support of community
      development on the South Side. If you have any questions or suggestions
      for SEND's programs, please do not hesitate to call me.
      Sincerely,
      
      William Taft Executive Director
    
  

  
  
    
      
      March 15, 2000
      Dear Habitat Partner,
      As you know, just a few short weeks from now, families everywhere will
      be celebrating Mother's Day, honoring mothers in ways that have become so
      familiar to all of us over the years.
      There'll be greeting cards filled with loving sentiments, and brightly
      wrapped gifts, too. There'll also be long-distance phone calls from the
      children. Or maybe even dinner for Mom at a local restaurant. And for
      those whose mothers are now deceased, there'll be moments of remembrance
      and prayer expressing gratitude to God for a lifetime's worth of love and
      protection - as a newfound appreciation of the Mother's Day gestures-that
      come from their own children. Just about everyone I know has experienced
      these kinds of things over the years to mark this day.
      But today, I am asking you to be even more aware of Mother's Day this
      year, and what it means to women and children in need. Because I doubt
      that you have ever encountered a mother like the Pensacola, Florida,
      woman I want to tell you about. Nor have you experienced a Mother's Day
      ending that is so glorious as this one.
      And when I'm finished telling you her incredible story, I'm hoping you
      will see your way clear to send Habitat for Humanity a generous
      tax-deductible contribution to help make the same kind of joyous ending
      possible for so many other mothers and their families who have the same
      urgent need for a simple, decent house and the sense of hope that goes
      along with it.
      Before I tell you more about that remarkable woman in Pensacola,
      however - a woman named Wanda Rudolph whose love, compassion and sense of
      generosity ought to be an example to everyone -I want to tell you just a
      little bit about what every mother trying to go it alone with her
      children on a marginal (or worse) income is facing.
      Put plainly, there is no way to overstate the alarm everyone in
      America ought to feel over the fact that childhood poverty, despite our
      nation's skyrocketing wealth, is still on the increase!
      Nor can I overstate the fear that every low-income mother throughout
      the United States and around the world must carry with her every day:
      that the consequences of poverty will ultimately catch up with her
      children, too. Consequences of poverty include inadequate nutrition and
      its effects, such as the real possibility of slow mental development. Or
      the childhood maladies left untreated because there is no money for a
      doctor. Or the terrible cycle of poor self-esteem, bad study habits,
      unfulfilled potential, and a life ultimately lived without hope. In the
      United States, we have a rate of childhood poverty that is higher
      -sometimes two or three times higher -than other major western
      industrialized nations. More than one-fifth of the children in this rich
      nation live in poverty. Indeed, while many Americans grew wealthier
      during the 1980s and 1990s, the rate of childhood poverty in America was
      actually rising by 20 percent!
      This tragic background brings me to the story of Wanda Rudolph of
      Pensacola, Florida, who made a courageous decision on behalf of her
      family a year ago. A 26-year-old single mother, Wanda was already up
      against the hard economic realities presented by three young children.
      More than five years of working at a local fast food chain had allowed
      her to keep food on the table and pay the rent for the small two-bedroom
      apartment they shared, but not much more.
      Things were certainly not easy, but Wanda was determined to give her
      kids the very best life she could, just like her own mother had for her,
      a mother Wanda describes as a wonderful role model. "We may not have had
      everything that we wanted or we'd seen other people have, but she made
      sure we had the necessary things that we needed. And she was always there
      for us;" Wanda says of her mother.
      In fact, long after Wanda was on her own, her mother was still being a
      role model, and still being there for her family. For she had taken in
      the children of Wanda's deeply troubled sister, rather than see them
      separated and shuffled off to foster care.
      There were seven children - but they were family, and Wanda's mother,
      even though she was getting on in years, was determined to keep them
      together, no matter how difficult it would be financially.
      And then, a year ago this past December, disaster happened in a family
      that didn't need any more trouble. Wanda's mother passed away, and Wanda
      had a decision to make. It was a decision made with a mother's heart.
      Rather than giving her sister's children to Social Services - to
      strangers - Wanda chose to take on the responsibility of raising them
      herself, knowing full well that the likelihood of her sister coming back
      into the picture as a fulltime mother was not a strong one, at all.
      It was a decision made not only with love, but with courage. And the
      situation Wanda then found herself in bore that out.
      Can you imagine trying to raise ten children in a two-bedroom
      apartment?
      Can you imagine what it must be like - never mind the financial
      pressures - of just trying to live? Can you see the bunkbeds and
      mattresses on the floor that put seven of the kids(as young as two and as
      old as 12) in the same bedroom? Or the mealtimes that have the entire
      family trying to find a place to sit and balance their plates while
      eating wherever they can find a place?
      Or the demands placed on one bathroom by a family of eleven? Or the
      virtual impossibility of finding a quiet place to study or even think, so
      that the children can cope in school and one day have a chance of
      achieving something better? Or the seemingly impossible task of trying to
      keep such a crowded home neat and clean?
      Well, if you can imagine these things, I know you can imagine that
      even in the atmosphere of love that Wanda created, the children began to
      have trouble. Problems at school and at home began to surface as the
      children reacted to the pressures of their crowded living situation, and
      their emotions such as pain and anger at having been abandoned by their
      mother.
      Homework went undone. Fights began to occur at home. The phone
      repeatedly began to ring at Wanda's new job with calls from school
      because another of the children was having problems. Worst of all, Wanda
      had to deal with this worsening problem as she was trying to succeed at
      her new job. Her anxiety level rose every time the telephone rang.
      But because of the compassion and generosity shown by Habitat partners
      like you, Wanda's prayers were suddenly answered - she was approved for a
      Habitat house -the kind of miracle that people who grow up in Wanda's
      world never seriously hope for, let alone expect.
      And Wanda's miracle isn't just the house, which will make it possible
      for the children to achieve some privacy and basic space from one
      another. That will only be the first step toward healing the pain of
      having been abandoned several times, neglected, and denied the happy
      childhood that should be every child's birthright. As Wanda explains:
      "They've been shipped from places, from home to home...and I think
      they missed out on things they shouldn't have, like having their
      birthdays celebrated. They didn't get to do all that, and they
      should.
      Mom was too old to try to do it, so I give them that chance. This past
      year, even though it was kind of hard, we always made sure they had a
      birthday party. And this year was the first time they ever got to go to
      the county fair."
      I'm trying now with counseling to get them to get along with each
      other, and to let them go out and be with their friends and do the stuff
      that I did as a child. But I'm also trying to teach them that they have
      to earn what they get, and to be part of making sure their lives are
      better."
      That's all I want, for them to be better. So I can feel like they're
      going to accomplish something, and be fine on their own."
      And the first step toward accomplishing something, of course, is
      learning that it's possible - growing up experiencing home ownership as a
      fact of daily life ...knowing there's a quiet place to study ...having
      your friends over to play without being embarrassed about where you
      live.
      But this new awareness of life's possibilities isn't confined to
      children, by any means. The adults feel it, too - especially the single
      mothers who have accomplished something of extreme difficulty, changing
      their family's economic prospects on their own, in a country that still
      makes that harder for a woman than for a man, while still filling all the
      roles that go with the blessed title of "mother."
      And as I talk to women homeowners all over the country, I am always
      mindful of how very much they see the Habitat experience from exactly
      this perspective -as mothers. For each day they see the lives of their
      children constantly enriched by living in a community of people who
      helped build their house, as others had helped them.
      Is it any wonder they go to bed every night with prayers of thanks for
      what is now possible for their children? And you can be sure that there
      are also prayers of thanks in their hearts for the people like you who
      made it possible. Wanda is as aware as any mother can be about the new
      possibilities you create, which she calls a "wonderful" thing to know. "I
      told all my friends about Habitat and how it works. When I hear them talk
      about how they'll never own their own home, I tell them there's hope for
      us, that I'm living proof and everything I've prayed on every night has
      been answered."
      You're a part of those answered prayers. That's why I hope you will
      take special delight in knowing that on the day Wanda's new Habitat house
      is dedicated, your loving spirit will be felt on that joyous
      occasion.
      I hope you'll think of Wanda and other mothers' prayers and dreams
      this Mother's Day. And more than that, I hope you'll also think about
      what it will mean for them to have a simple decent home for their
      kids.
      Your continued generosity can help change a desperate mother's
      life.
      And in tribute to all of the precious mothers in your own life, I hope
      you will share your love with mothers in need the world over today. Bless
      you!
      In joyous partnership,
      Millard Fuller Founder and President
      P.S. May you be blessed, today and always, as you so generously share
      your blessings with others. For your timely reply, you have my deepest
      thanks.
    
  

  
  
    
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      I care about the plight of the millions of women who are forced to
      raise their children in poverty housing, and I am grateful - as Mother's
      Day approaches -that I am in position to help make the essential
      foundation of a decent home possible for these mothers and their
      children. To ensure Habitat's worldwide building efforts, I enclose my
      tax-deductible contribution of:
      * $20 $30 $40 Other $
      * PLEASE TRY TO CONTRIBUTE THIS AMOUNT OR MORE IF YOU CAN. MILLIONS OF
      MOTHERS ARE STILL WAITING FOR THE DECENT HOMES THEY AND THEIR FAMILIES SO
      DESPERATELY NEED! GOD BLESS YOU.
      MILLARD
    
  

  
  
    
      December 6, 1999
      Dear Supporter:
      In central Indiana today we hear unfamiliar languages and see the
      faces of newcomers who are making our city their home. The International
      Center of Indianapolis is committed to making newcomers from other
      countries feel welcome in central Indiana and to helping all of us to
      discover the multicultural aspects of our community and prepare for
      global challenges.
      Our mission is to be the BEST community resource for those with
      international needs and the best international resource for those with
      community needs. Here are just five of the ways we have accomplished our
      mission in 1999.
      The Center took the leadership in revitalizing the International
      Festival of Indiana. Collaborating with the Nationalities Council of
      Indiana, we celebrated multi-cultural Indiana at this three-day event in
      October with entertainment, 70 cultural and food booths and the presence
      of over 8,000 school children and 6,000 other visitors from around
      Indiana. 100 volunteers including employees of Indiana corporations,
      worked in the planning phase and at the Festival. Our staff could not
      have put on the Festival without them.
      Many school children who attended the Festival received advance
      preparation with the help of our Ameritech study guide, published and
      distributed to every teacher who requested this valuable tool.
      The culmination of the Festival was a breathtaking performance by the
      Shangri-la Acrobats from Taiwan on the final evening at the Fairgrounds.
      For one hour they captivated their large audience of children and adults
      with stunning acrobatics and death defying spins from the rafters-
      The Center is assessing the ways in which youth programs in central
      Indiana introduce and explore diverse cultural experiences. This
      assessment will lead to new approaches in training youth workers so that
      they can build stronger programs which make all young participants feel
      welcome and accepted.
      On October 12, 1999 the Center recognized Jeff Smulyan, President,
      Emmis Communications, as International Citizen of the Year. More than 400
      people gathered to applaud Jeff's leadership and Emmis's accomplishment
      as owner of the most listened to radio station in Hungary! Ambassador to
      the United States from Hungary His Excellency Geza Jeszenszky was present
      to add his accolades that evening.
      As the local host organization for the National Council of
      International Visitors, the South Africa Internship Program and Chinese
      Medical Internships, in 1999 the Center welcomed over 100 guests to
      central Indiana. Visitors coming from South Africa, northern and west
      Africa, China, Belgium, France, and Great Britain spent from two days to
      two months in our city. Local families welcomed these visitors into their
      homes for an evening of dinner and conversation or acted as host families
      for as long as two months.
      The Center has entered into partnership with a dozen local
      corporations with a multi - national presence. Through Destination
      Services the Center works hand in hand with human resource departments.
      In 1999 we helped over 100 international families settle into central
      Indiana.
      Center staff assists with the housing search, school decisions,
      drivers' licenses, leisure time activities, and daycare. A valuable
      seven-week course called COPES [Community Orientation for Expatriate
      Spouses] introduces the non-employed spouse to day-to-day life and
      opportunities in central Indiana.
      Indianapolis is a city of many voices and many faces. The attendance
      of more than 16,000 at the International Festival confirmed our belief in
      our own festival publicity "Many Faces, One World. At the International
      Center we are proud to welcome newcomers to our city whether they come to
      live with us or to learn from us.
      We value your contributions to our programs. Lilly Endowment, a key
      supporter of the Center since 1973, has challenged us by offering a
      $100,000 grant, which we must match in 2000. Your gift to ICI will help
      us meet this challenge. With your help, the International Center of
      Indianapolis will continue to serve our multicultural community in
      central Indiana into the next century.
      Sincerely yours,
      Joe Tanner, President Caterina Blitzer Board of Directors Executive
      Director
    
  

  
  
    
      January 3, 2000
      Dear DONOR:
      The International Center of Indianapolis was so pleased to receive
      your contribution of --- toward the support of our programs. As we step
      into the new millenium, we are excited about the many challenges facing
      us in Indianapolis as our international population continues to grow.
      Your gift encourages us to continue to meet the varied international
      needs of our city with challenging and interesting programs and
      services.
      We look forward to seeing you in the coming year at the International
      Citizen of the Year dinner, September 26 and at the International
      Festival, October 19-21,2000. As a friend of the Center, you are welcome
      to contact us at any time if we can assist you with your international
      needs. The International Center of Indianapolis is a 501(C)(3)
      organization supported by the community.
      Sincerely yours,
      Caterina Cregor Blitzer Executive Director
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Thank you for contacting the Disabled Businesspersons Association.
      Founded in 1985 by successful business owners with disabilities, the
      Disabled Businesspersons Assn. (dba), a charitable, all-volunteer,
      nonprofit membership organization, provides free self-employment and
      business information and assistance to enterprising individuals with
      disabilities, and for professionals in vocational rehabilitation, career
      and business counseling. Receiving inquiries and requests for information
      and services from around the world, and having assisted many in their
      vocational rehabilitation and business, the dba is recognized as one of
      the nation's largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of
      people with disabilities. Information on the dba is being mailed to you.
      I look forward to your response, membership support, and having the
      opportunity to be of service.
      Best regards,
      Urban Miyares Disabled Businesspersons Assn. San Diego State Univ
      -Interwork Institute dbanet@ix.netcom.com
    
  

  
  
    
      The DISABLED BUSINESSPERSONS ASSOCIATION (DBA) is a national 501(C)(3)
      nonprofit, public charity and educational organization founded in 1991 to
      help disabled entrepreneurs and professionals maximize their potential in
      the business world, and to encourage the participation and enhance the
      performance of the disabled in the workforce.
      Services Provided by the "DBA" Challenged America Our sailing team
      sets an example of success through teamwork "Giving Disabled Veterans the
      Business" An article from the "Disabled American Veterans" (DAV) Magazine
      "No Challenge too Great for These Vets" An article from the "Veterans of
      Foreign Wars" (VFW) Magazine How YOU CAN Help Support the "DBA"
      Services Provided Include: Personal Business Advisor Business Plan and
      Financial Assistance Packaging Market and Product Research Marketing,
      Advertising and Public Relations Presentation and Proposal Documentation
      National Consultant, Vendor and Business Network Information Newsletter
      Educational Seminars, Workshops and Conferences Technology and Equipment
      Research and Evaluation "Serving the needs of America's enterprising
      disabled"
      Giving Disabled Veterans the Business Urban Miyares, the DAV's
      Outstanding Disabled Veteran of the Year, gives disabled veterans the
      business - literally. President and guiding spirit behind the Disabled
      Businesspersons Association of San Diego, California, Miyares helps
      disabled entrepreneurs nationwide start their own businesses.
      The DAV will recognize Miyares as the Outstanding Disabled Veteran of
      the Year at the 73rd National Convention of the DAV and Auxiliary in
      Chicago, August 20-25, 1994.
      On his way to becoming an entrepreneur's entrepreneur, the Vietnam
      veteran suffered a number of setbacks and gained experience as a soldier,
      businessman, father, skier, and "Spiderman". They named him "Spiderman"
      because of the way Miyares clung to the walls and blindly felt his way
      along the VA's Western Blind Rehabilitation Center (WBRC) at Palo Alto,
      California.
      Miyares, a life member of DAV Chapter 2 in San Diego, California,
      became blind in 1984 due to diabetes. He also suffers a hearing loss,
      kidney disease, and neuropathy (loss of feeling) in his legs. The
      neuropathy and blindness caused him to cling to the center walls for
      balance and orientation.
      Being at WBRC learning to cope with the disability was a major feat
      for Miyares. When diabetes took his sight he suffered severe depression,
      became withdrawn, and all but refused to leave his home until he went for
      rehabilitation training at WBRC.
      While attending computer training at WBRC in 1986, Miyares heard about
      the first National Disabled Winter Sports Clinic at Grand Junction,
      Colorado. Now an annual event, the clinic is sponsored by the DAV and VA,
      with financial assistance from business and private donors.
      Originally, a man at WBRC asked if Miyares wanted to go skiing at some
      kind of "winter sports clinic thing" that was starting up. "Listen, I
      told him. I'm from New York. I moved to San Diego. I don't like snow.
      I've never been on a pair of skis. I'm a concrete baby; I'm not crazy;
      and besides that I'm blind", Miyares said.
      But the "concrete baby", AKA "Spiderman", changed his mind and went
      skiing. According to Miyares' wife, JoAnn, the decision changed his
      life.
      "The Winter Sports Clinic helped Urban a lot", JoAnn said. "The first
      year he attended we tough. He wanted to come home the first day he got
      off the slopes, but Sandy Trombetta, the clinic organizer and recreation
      therapist at the Grand Junction VA Medical Center, convinced Urban to try
      again. The rest is history.
      With self-determination, pursuit of excellence and a love affair with
      skiing, Miyares went from a bumbling beginner on the bunny (low and slow
      beginner) slope to exceeding 63 miles per hour to rank as the number one
      B-1 (totally blind) downhill skier in the world. His skiing awards
      include the National Disabled Veterans Winter Sports Clinic 1988 Linne
      Howard Spirit Award, the San Diego Hall of Champions Museum 1990 Disabled
      Athlete of the Year Award, and the 1990 and '91 U.S. National Disabled
      Alpine Ski Championships.
      No decision since his decision to return to the field during the
      Vietnam War had as much impact on Miyares. However, in 1968, returning to
      the field wasn't entirely voluntary.
      The Army's answer to Sgt. Miyares' repeated trips to sick call
      basically boiled down to, "get your act together and get back in the
      field, or we'll make you a private again sergeant."
      The message we clear. The Army suspected him of malingering, and that
      didn't sit well with the 9th Infantry Division platoon sergeant. Miyares
      geared up and moved to the field with his troops. The blurred vision,
      sever stomach cramps, headaches, constant fatigue, and vomiting would
      have to take a back seat to the war.
      His platoon came under attack in the field. Miyares heard explosions,
      thought they were mortars and collapsed.
      Two days later, he emerged from a diabetic coma in a Saigon hospital.
      Miyares spent the next four months in hospitals in Japan and the U.S.
      before being medically discharged from the Army with as service-connected
      disability for diabetes.
      The Army had been right. The sergeant became a private, a private
      citizen fighting a new war against diabetes. But Miyares wasn't alone. He
      had an ally. JoAnn, was by his side the moment he returned home.
      "When Urban left for Vietnam, we'd only been married a short time,"
      JoAnn said. "When he came home, it was harder controlling diabetes. We
      didn't know as much about it as we do today, and were learning and
      adjusting to diabetes at the same time we were building our marriage. We
      had our ups and downs in those days, but Urban is very self-determined
      and motivated, and we got through it.
      "When our son, Urban Paul, was born, Urban was a really good father.
      He liked to do little league and soccer with him, and we did all the
      things families do.
      "But if daddy wasn't feeling good, our son knew it was because daddy
      was a diabetic. When children are younger, they don't always understand
      what that means, but as our son grew he understood more and more. When
      Urban became blind our son was very understanding of it, and at 24, he's
      adjusted very well to all that's happened. Whenever we need him, he's
      there".
      Landing meaningful and productive employment was hard for Miyares. He
      became so frustrated with available jobs that he went into business for
      himself.
      In 1971, he opened is first business, a small New Jersey construction
      firm. It didn't last very long, but Miyares discovered he loved being a
      businessman. He had an appetite and aptitude for business. He moved on to
      open his own retail stores, restaurants, sales organizations, a
      manufacturing company and a public relations firm. Business ventures led
      him from coast to coast, gaining experience along the way.
      After his blindness, Miyares couldn't find resources for a blind
      businessman.
      "They tried tremendously to help me at the Blind Rehabilitation
      Center, but the only resources for a businessperson were for the
      non-disabled and non-blind", Miyares said. The more I searched for
      resources and assistance to benefit a blind businessperson, the more I
      couldn't find any.
      "I took business courses, but again, they were slanted toward the
      non-disabled employer or employee. At that point, I knew that if people
      who are disabled are to compete in this world and be productive, we have
      to compete on a non-disabled basis. I also knew we couldn't do it without
      information and assistance. When I tried to get answers to my questions,
      I got nothing - not even encouragement or advice. What I got a lot of was
      "sorry" and "blind people can't do that". I became so frustrated in 1985,
      I made a business of helping disabled veterans. I chose disabled veterans
      because that's what I am. I knew a lot of disabled veterans. Some were in
      business and some were talking about starting a business. I started
      offering free consulting advice and helped 10-20 people the first
      year."
      Business to Business Assistance
      The business grew and eventually, he was helping thousands nationwide.
      Miyares expanded the business to include all disabled persons, and in
      1991 formed the Disabled Businesspersons Association (DBA), a non-profit
      public charity and educational organization. Today, the DBA continues to
      assist disabled entrepreneurs and professionals maximize their potential
      in the business world, and encourages participation and enhances
      performance of disabled persons in the workforce, all free of charge. The
      only payment asked of disabled clients is that they, in turn, volunteer
      their time and expertise to assist other disabled persons.
      Miyares has received many awards for his business accomplishments.
      They include the Blinded Veterans Association 1988 Irving Deaner Award;
      U.S. Small Business Administration 1991 National Veteran Small Business
      Advocate of the Year; 1991 California Certification of Recognition for
      Small Business Advocacy; San Diego Center for the Disabled 1992
      Independence Award; a 1992 Presidential Point of Light Award, presented
      to him at a White House ceremony by former President George Bush; and in
      1994 San Diego Entrepreneur of the Year Supporter of Entrepreneurship
      Award. He is also a finalist for the upcoming Inc. Magazine Entrepreneur
      of the Year Award.
      According to Miyares, the DBA is the first organization to target the
      role of disabled persons in business. Current DBA data shows 32 percent
      of all persons assisted by DBA are veterans; 10 per cent are service
      connected disabled veterans; and 22 per cent are non- service connected
      veterans. Miyares isn't satisfied with the figures.
      "I'd like to help more disabled veterans or, at least, see more
      investigating self-employment," Miyares said. "Many will find out, as I
      have, that just being active and productive will improve your health,
      relationships, and quality of life.
      Miyares is a quick to share credit for his success with his business
      partner and long time friend Clay Chong (they own NUVENCO Group, a San
      Diego based product and business management firm where Chong is president
      and Miyares vice president); Chong's wife, Jan, administrative supervisor
      for the organization; and JoAnn.
      "I wouldn't have been able to do what I've done without JoAnn,"
      Miyares said.
      "My disability has never been a barrier to our marriage. Understanding
      is the key. Our marriage has grown through the years. We're more than
      husband and wife; we're best friends. She's a valuable part of the DBA
      and also consults with wives of disabled persons. She has experience with
      people with a variety of disabilities and has lots of valuable
      information to share with wives under stress or having problems; she's a
      good sounding board from the heart."
      JoAnn says working with Urban in the office is fun. She calls herself
      the receptionist, but, in truth, admits it would be very hard to train
      someone to do what she does for her husband.
      "I make sure he gets his lunch on time, take his blood tests
      throughout the day, and make sure there's a snack around," JoAnn said.
      "He has to eat on time and properly to maintain his energy and blood
      sugar level. I also car pool him around and help with his schedule.
      Maintaining Miyares' schedule would be a busy job for nearly anyone.
      In addition to running DBA, Miyares finds time to be liaison for blinded
      veterans at the San Diego VA Medical Center, an inventor, lecturer,
      member and co-founder of the Mira Mesa/Scripps Ranch Chamber of Commerce,
      author, business columnist for the "San Diego Union-Tribune newspaper,
      co-host of "San Diego Inventors and Inventions" on KFMB-TV, and many
      other business, military, civic, and athletic organization
      activities.
      Miyares is also founder and regular crew member of "Challenged
      America" a racing crew of disabled and able-bodied sailors who compete in
      major ocean-racing events. The crew's goal is to enter and complete the
      biennial Transpac race from Long Beach, California, to Hawaii in
      1995.
      Cameron, Miyares' German Sheppard seeing-eye-dog, probably won't make
      the Transpac. It's one of the few times you won't find the two together.
      Cameron can find his way out of a crowded reception faster than a waiter
      with an empty hord d'oeuvre tray, and can locate Miyares' van is a
      crowded parking lot with a simple command. "I don't know what we'd do
      without Cameron," JoAnn said. "The independence Cameron gives Urban is
      phenomenal. Urban did excellent with his cane, but with Cameron, Urban
      gets from point A to point B in a snap- quicker than I can take him."
      Asked what is most special about her husband, JoAnn, with quiet
      conviction, says, "I think it's helping other disabled people. Urban is
      genuinely concerned that the disabled community is not getting a fair
      share, and he goes out of his way to help disabled people.
      No Challenge too Great for These Vets
      Challenged America
      We Need Your Help Are you seeking a worthwhile cause that really
      changes people's lives for the better... where every dollar goes directly
      to provide services in the community...one you would be proud to be part
      of and support? We are seeking leaders and benefactors in the community
      to assist with the DBA's growth and services in the community.
      Ways you can help The following is a list of ways your can participate
      in the success of the DBA. If you would like information, please enter
      your response in the appropriate area and your name, address and /or
      phone number in the space provided at the end. When you have completed
      your entry, click on "Submit Query" button at the bottom. If you choose
      to change or delete your entry, click on "Reset".
    
  

  
  
    
      DISABLED BUSINESSPERSONS ASSOCIATION TM
      Thank you for contacting the Disabled Businesspersons Association
      (dba) and requesting information.
      Founded in 1985 by successful business owners and professionals with
      disabilities, and restructured in 1991 as a 501(c)(3) charitable,
      nonprofit membership organization, the dba provides business information
      and assistance to enterprising individuals with disabilities,
      worldwide.
      Having served thousands, the .dba is recognized as one of the nation's
      largest and leading authorities on the self-employment of people with
      disabilities.
      To better help us assist you, write, fax or E-mail and tell us more
      about yourself...background, employment/business experience, likes,
      dislikes, hobbies, interests, disability, etc., and your current or
      planned business activity, if known.
      How can we assist you?
      We look forward to your written response, membership support, and
      having the opportunity to work with you.
      Best regards,
      President
    
  

  
  
    
      November 30, 1992
      Dear :
      Recently, the world watched as the newest space shuttle made its
      maiden voyage. The Endeavor held our attention and focused our
      imaginations once more upon the stars, and renewed our commitment to the
      knowledge and curiosity that made such a mission possible. The IUPUI
      Challenger Scholars Program encourages bright and dedicated students who
      want to teach to continue in that career path. Four more Challenger
      Scholars were named in January for the 1992-93 academic year. These
      newest Scholars bring the number to ten--ten who, like Christa McAuliffe,
      will touch the future.
      Joanne Warner, the second Challenger Scholar, wrote recently that she
      teaches second grade at Arlington Elementary in Franklin Township. "Life
      is hectic, yet very rewarding." Joanne is making a difference in the
      lives of her students.
      The IUPUI Challenger Scholars are chosen from among outstanding
      students in the humanities, sciences, technologies and education who have
      chosen to pursue careers in teaching, at any level. You can see from the
      enclosed newspaper article the quality and diversity of those who receive
      this honor. Your past support of the Challenger program has been critical
      to its success. Each award involves a tuition/fee remission and a $1000
      stipend. These have been accomplished through the generosity of
      individuals like yourself in combination with some campus and school
      allocations. Please renew your commitment today.
      Sincerely,
      Michael Cohen Professor
      P.S. When your gift helps an outstanding student become an outstanding
      teacher, you will know that you, too, have touched the future.
    
  

  
  
    
      July 3, 1991
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      On January 28, 1991, I attended the IUPUI ceremony which remembered
      the Challenger astronauts and presented awards to three IUPUI Challenger
      Scholars and a new award, the Ronald McNair Challenger Scholar. Our sense
      of joy was tempered by the undeniable intrusion of the war in the Persian
      Gulf. Intrusion because one of the new Scholars couldn't be here to
      receive her award. Teresa Morehead, a biology major, was serving on a
      hospital ship in Operation Desert Storm. The Challenger Scholar Program
      honors the memory of the men and women who died in the Challenger
      disaster five years ago. The Scholars are chosen from outstanding
      students in the sciences, technologies and education who have chosen to
      pursue careers in teaching, at any level. The national crisis in science
      education is clear to all of us. The Challenger Scholars Program attempts
      in a small way to address this crisis by encouraging bright and dedicated
      students with a desire to extend their knowledge into the classroom as
      teachers to continue in that career path. That one of those chosen to
      receive this honor was herself facing a new and unimaginable danger was
      sobering. But the promise she and her fellow recipients, Penny Wright
      (elementary education), Cynthia Browning (physics) and Sandra Van Vlymen
      (elementary education), all hold for the future is impressive. Eric
      Hiatt, the first Challenger Scholar is currently working on his doctorate
      in geology at the University of Colorado at Boulder. He writes,
      "Receiving the Challenger Scholarship was a great honor and continues to
      be a source of inspiration to me as I work toward my doctorate degree.
      ...This year I have been... teaching introductory geology laboratories.
      Teaching again has reminded me that this is what I am here for..."
      Your past support of the Challenger program has been critical to its
      success these last four years. Each award involves a tuition/fee
      remission and a $1000 stipend. These have been accomplished through the
      generosity of individuals like yourself in combination with some campus
      and school allocations. In order to grant these awards a fifth year, your
      continued support is critical. Please renew your commitment today. When
      your gift helps an outstanding student become an outstanding teacher, you
      will know that you, too, have touched the future.
      Sincerely,
      Michael Cohen Professor Science Education
      P.S. By the way, Teresa is back and safe. Won't you be a part of
      extending the promise with your gift today? I have supported this
      scholarship for several years and feel it not only recognizes our
      students' abilities but indicates IUPUI's commitment to excellence in
      teaching. If you are interested in making a payroll deduction gift,
      contact the IU Foundation office at 274-3711.
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Alumnus:
      When was the last time you stopped at IUPUI since you graduated? Was
      it as recently as last year that you could find your way around, or has
      it been so long that if you were to visit the main campus you could not
      recognize it? Whether you are a recent or not-so-recent graduate, I
      invite you to watch us grow as a maturing urban university on the go! In
      addition to expanded physical facilities since the completion of Science,
      Engineering and Technology Building Phase Two, several of the programs in
      the school have expanded in terms of student and faculty size; the
      research and development contracts with federal and state agencies and
      private industry exceeded one million dollars in value for the first time
      last year; interaction of faculty and students with the other schools on
      campus increased drastically in terms of joint research projects on
      medical imaging, computational neuroscience and biomechanics and the
      partnership with Naval Avionics Warfare Center and Naval Weapons Center
      flourished with the moving of Electronic Manufacturing Productivity
      Facility from California to a new facility within one mile of the main
      campus.
      Since the beginning of our Annual Fund in 1984, alumni have been
      important partners in the development of our programs. In September we
      will begin our annual telefund. Gifts received will be used in various
      ways. Our school is continually challenged to provide state-of-the-art
      training for its students. In order to do this, laboratories must be
      developed and maintained with equipment that will provide first-rate,
      "hands-on" experience for our students. Also, there is the area of
      student support. The departments and programs within the School of
      Engineering and Technology provide thousands of dollars of scholarship
      support each year to students. Still there is great need, especially in
      the way of endowed scholarships. These funds would insure that
      scholarships are available to students as long as there are students to
      support. I am confident that as a proud graduate of our school you will
      participate in supporting our telefund and extend the promise of Purdue
      programs at Indianapolis to many new students in the 1990s.
    
  

  
  
    
      August 9, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name,
      You may remember bumping into me somewhere along your path through
      college. I have been with the Department of Manufacturing Technology for
      about thirty years, twenty-five years as chairman and have recently
      retired. As I recall, I've never asked you for a contribution...until
      now. At the last Honors Convocation, the faculty established a
      scholarship award in my name to honor an Outstanding Student from our
      department. I was moved, excited, and very surprised by this gesture from
      the faculty , who funded this award from their pockets.
      George F. Badger, the recipient of the award was equally surprised,
      not to mention a little better off financially. I am concerned, however,
      about the plans that exist for continuing this award in the future. The
      intent is that the faculty will contribute to the award annually.
      Unfortunately, times and members of the faculty change, but the need
      for our students to receive scholarship awards will continue at an
      unprecedented rate. As I see it, this can only be done through the
      establishment of a scholarship fund which will generate sufficient income
      to support this award. I hope you will join me in supporting this
      scholarship opportunity by sending your check today made payable to the
      "Peale Scholarship Fund."
      I hope this letter finds you and your family in good health. I am
      always happy to hear from you about your accomplishments, career, family,
      etc.
      Sincerely,
      Robert E. Peale Professor Emeritus
      P.S. Many corporations will match your gift to the School of
      Engineering and Technology so I've enclosed a Double Your Dollars
      brochure for your convenience.
    
  

  
  
    
      October 8, 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Ms. Name,
      As the new dean for Engineering and Technology I am delighted to have
      this opportunity to contact you. In recent years our school has grown
      dramatically. The electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, and
      computer technology departments are now at the downtown campus in our new
      building. This new Building contains state-of-the-art labs that give our
      students the hands on training necessary for a good education in
      engineering and technology. These new facilities have set the stage for
      growth in our programs. New faculty have been hired, and they have
      enhanced our course offerings with new and varied areas of expertise. The
      dedication of the new Science, Engineering and Technology buildings will
      be held on November 2, and we invite you to attend so you can see all of
      the new and exciting changes for the School of Engineering and
      Technology. We are also planning new initiatives. This month we are
      beginning a yearlong strategic planning exercise that will result in a
      shared vision and mission for the School as well as a set of strategies
      for achieving our goals. Concurrently, we are undertaking three new
      program initiatives: an undergraduate program in civil engineering with
      an emphasis on the environment; an undergraduate program in industrial
      engineering with a focus on manufacturing; and graduate programs leading
      to the M.S. and the first Ph.D. degrees in medical and biological
      engineering. To build upon our past successes and to launch these new
      initiatives, we need your support. In October, we will begin our annual
      telefund. I hope that when a student calls you in the next couple of
      weeks, you will be willing to make a significant donation to keep up the
      strong support that we have had for the past nine years. This gift will
      help maintain our educational programs and labs so students will have the
      best training available. Your gift can be directed to the department of
      your choice. It can also be directed toward lab equipment, scholarships
      or where the need is greatest. As always, please feel free to visit our
      campus. Look up one of your favorite professors and say hello, or come by
      the Dean's Office. I would enjoy meeting with you and hearing how the
      School of Engineering and Technology has affected your life.
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear 1990 Graduate:
      Congratulations on the completion of your bachelor's degree from
      Purdue University School of Engineering and Technology at IUPUI.
      As members of your graduating class, we appreciate the hard work that
      has made your degree possible. Not only have many of our class juggled
      family and job responsibilities with studies, but they also have made
      time to participate in student activities which have become traditions in
      our school. For example, those in MET who worked on Team Indy were among
      the first Indianapolis campus participants in the annual Purdue Grand
      Prix at West Lafayette. Others who worked with ACM's high school
      programming competition, with engineering's super mileage vehicle, with
      RHllv1's Baker's Club, or with any of the School's other activities
      helped to maintain traditions in their departments that future classes
      will be encouraged to continue. These activities have helped develop a
      sense of community that enabled everyone to endure and succeed, even in
      difficult times.
      Even if we have not engaged in formal extracurricular activities,
      however, many more of us have helped each other-by reviewing homework
      problems in one of the student lounges, by participating in group
      projects in classes--meeting sometimes after class hours, by taking time
      to listen to a classmate's personal problems, or just by socializing
      between classes.
      As graduates of the class of 1990, we would like to leave behind
      something tangible, in appreciation for the support and encouragement we
      have received from other students in the School of Engineering and
      Technology. To do this, we are initiating another tradition: Senior
      Challenge.
      Senior Challenge is an opportunity for us to contribute to the school
      that has given us the tools to enrich our lives and make our dreams come
      true. The goal for Senior Challenge 1990 is to raise funds to purchase
      furnishings for the student lounges in the ET building and in the new
      building that will house Computer Technology and Engineering programs. At
      one time or another we have all met classmates in the lounges in the ET
      Building or the Administration Building at the 38th Street campus. We all
      realize how the availability or lack of comfortable seating and
      conference space made it possible for us to socialize or to get help in a
      course giving us difficulty. Lounges newly furnished through Senior
      Challenge will promote teamwork in the school by allowing future classes
      to benefit from each others' friendship and assistance. With this goal,
      the real beneficiaries of our class gift will be the students who follow
      us.
      As our senior year draws to a close, we challenge you to participate
      in this worthy project. By making a contribution or a pledge, using the
      card enclosed, you can put a positive "finishing touch" on your
      graduating year. With the participation of everyone, we will all be proud
      when the presentation of the class gift is made to Dean Renda at
      Commencement on May 13, 1990.
      Please complete the enclosed card and mail it in the envelope
      provided. In the next few weeks you will be contacted by a fellow senior
      either by phone or in your classes to answer any questions you have about
      Senior Challenge.
      Sincerely,
      Tyrone Artis Larry Gutsch Carol Hutton (BS/EET '90) (BS/MET '90)
      (BS/SPV '90) Eddie Lashbrook Melissa Warriner (BS/CPT '90) (BS/SPV
      '90)
    
  

  
  
    
      December 14, 1993
      Name Address City, St Zip
      Dear Name:
      I am pleased to have survived nearly five months as Geology's new
      chairman. It has been a busy time, for we have an ambitious agenda for
      growth and development. Among our objectives for the 1993-94 year are
      increasing enrollments, re-evaluating both our undergraduate program and
      our graduate program, better coordinating our curricula at all levels,
      developing and promoting new courses, increasing communication with
      current students and alumni, and establishing beneficial "outside"
      contacts. Much of our effort is focusing upon the strengthening of our
      environmental programs.
      Dr. Mirsky is retiring as a faculty member in May, 1994, and Dean
      Stocum has authorized the hiring of two new assistant professors. Both
      new faculty will have credentials in the environmental field. To have
      achieved this commitment from the dean means our new efforts have already
      impressed him, and we intend to keep his attention.
      The whole country will know about us this spring! The Department will
      host a symposium on dinosaurs, DING FEST, March 24-26, 1994. Virtually
      every expert on dinosaurs in the whole U.S.A. will be here. However, our
      major emphasis is on involving students of all ages. The event will be
      big! Contact Dr. Rosenberg for details.
      So, we are a dynamic place. This is where it is happening in 1993-94!
      You will be even more proud of your department than you already are.
      Geology, however, continues to need your financial assistance. Our
      1993-94 budget has been cut nearly 10% versus a year ago, operating costs
      are mounting, and it costs money to grow. We have many needs, both for
      the overall operation of the Department, and for special programs like
      DING FEST. Contributions to DING FEST are especially important because we
      believe that our initial investment will result in substantial earnings
      for the Department. Also, contributions to DING FEST will make its
      activities more affordable to students. As in the past, you can also
      contribute directly to the IGGS Scholarship Fund.
      I urge you to be a contributor to Geology's dynamic growth. This
      year's contribution form includes a place to indicate how your donation
      should be used, or just make your check out to the IGGS Scholarship Fund.
      Happy Holidays!
      Sincerely,
      Robert D. Hall, Chairman
      P.S. As an Indiana resident, your Federal tax-deductible contribution
      also qualifies for a special Indiana State Income Tax credit of 50% (up
      to a maximum of $100 for an individual or $200 for a joint return). For
      your convenience, a copy of Form CC-40 (which should be filed with your
      Indiana State Income Tax) is enclosed.
    
  

  
  
    
      November 30, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Please send a million dollars so we can really support geological
      activities here at IUPUI in perpetuity. Late last Spring, we established
      an account for the IGGS Scholarship to help defray the tuition costs for
      an undergraduate major in Geology at IUPUI. As I explained at that Spring
      meeting, I hoped that, eventually, the IGGS Scholarship fund would have a
      principal of $20,000 so that the interest would cover the complete costs
      for a student for one year. The account now has about $4,400.
      There are several ways that we can reach the balance of our target
      principal. The simplest is for one or more of the members to simply
      donate one million dollars to the IGGS Scholarship Fund. If, because of
      the depressed stock market, your assets are not liquid enough for you to
      come up with one million dollars this year, then we can consider one of
      the other alternate ways to achieve our goal.
      One alternate is for you, and each of the 36 friends of IGGS on my
      mailing list, to contribute $434 to the Scholarship Fund, and our goal
      will be reached immediately.
      Another alternate way to reach our Scholarship goal is for everyone to
      contribute as much as he or she can this year, and each year for the near
      future and, sooner or later, the goal will be attained.
      Let me assure you that we would appreciate receiving one million
      dollars from you. But let me also assure you that we would appreciate
      equally well the contribution you are able to make. Whatever you can
      contribute, you will be helping to support a geology student at
      IUPUI.
      Your tax-deductible contribution may be sent in the enclosed
      postage-paid envelope with the attached return card. As an Indiana
      resident, your gift qualifies for a special tax credit of 50% (up to a
      maximum of $100 for an individual or $200 for a joint return). For your
      convenience, I am enclosing a copy of Form CC-40, which should be filed
      with your Indiana State Income Tax.
      Sincerely,
      Arthur Mirsky Chairman
    
  

  
  
    
      November 27, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      This is absolutely the last time that I will ask you to please donate
      a million dollars to the IUPUI Geology Alumni Fund. That is, this is the
      last such request that will be penned from the Cavanaugh Hall address.
      Next year at this time, my letter of solicitation will have a new
      address, the address of the new Science building on Michigan Street. We
      expect to leave Cavanaugh Hall and move into the new building in mid-
      summer 1991. So this solicitation marks that special occasion, the end of
      one era and the beginning of a new era. I feel sure that you will want to
      be one of that special group of donors who responded to this last
      solicitation from Cavanaugh Hall.
      Again, let me assure you that we would appreciate receiving one
      million dollars from you and each of our 161 alumni. But let me also
      assure you that we would appreciate equally well any contribution you are
      able to make. Whatever you can contribute, you will be helping to support
      Geology at IUPUI. This past year, alumni contributions were used to
      provide awards to Geology students on Honors Day, to pay partial support
      for an undergraduate student to attend a special Geomorphology Conference
      in New York, to augment the principal in the Geology Alumni Undergraduate
      Scholarship, and to award partial tuition support to the student awarded
      the Alumni Scholarship.
      We really do appreciate your efforts, whatever amount you can
      contribute. Your tax-deductible contribution may be sent in the enclosed
      postage-paid envelope with the attached return card.
      Sincerely,
      Arthur Mirsky Chairman
      
    
  

  
  
    
      As an arts patron, you know that the Herron School of Art has a rich
      tradition in art education, shaping the talents and genius of some of
      Indiana's most noted artists and designers. In fact, an impressive number
      of artists with national reputations are products of the Herron program,
      succeeding despite old-often inadequate- facilities. Please consider
      making an important investment in the future of professional art
      education in Indiana by being part of an Indiana renaissance of the arts.
      Areas where support is needed are identified below:
      -GENERAL FUND. These funds allow the school some flexibility by
      putting your gift to work in an area that most needs it as circumstances
      arise.
      -SCHOLARSHIP/AWARDS. Students need to be recognized and rewarded for
      their abilities and efforts. Your gift in this area has a direct impact
      on a student's continuing education. Please identify whether you wish to
      support the General Scholarship Fund- or a particular scholarship
      (indicate name of this scholarship here):
      -VISITING ARTIST SERIES. Assistance is needed to continue this program
      which brings in some of the nation's most noted artists to speak with
      students and faculty as well as the public.
      -HERRON GALLERY: INDIANAPOLIS CENTER FOR CONTEMPORARY ART. Assistance
      is needed to underwrite the costs of these special and exciting
      exhibitions.
      -SATURDAY SCHOOL. The Saturday School offers various art classes in
      different media for young and old alike who wish to improve their
      artistic expertise but are not full-time Herron students. Your assistance
      will allow the continuance of offering these programs at reasonable
      rates.
      -FACULTY ENRICHMENT. Our faculty needs support in preparing
      exhibitions of their work for shows, for continuing education to maintain
      the knowledge base necessary for teaching and to meet with faculty
      members from other schools to exchange ideas and information at national
      meetings.
      -DEVELOPMENT. Funds are needed here for use as seed money as we work
      toward establishing projects that should become self-supporting for the
      school. These monies also help defray the cost of putting on activities
      for faculty and students such as the Herron Awards Night.
      Thank you for your gift! Please make checks payable to: Herron School
      of Art/IUF, check the area from the above-listed categories where you'd
      like your gift to support and return both items in the envelope.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      November 30, 1994
      Name Address City, State, ZIP
      Dear (Name):
      The holiday season is now upon us and I'd like to wish you much
      happiness as we wind down this year and begin another. Among the many
      traditions of the holiday season is taking time to reflect upon the
      things in our lives that add meaning. It is also a time to review our
      personal giving and consider gifts to our favorite organizations. As you
      review the gifts you've made this year I please consider a year-end gift
      to Herron School of Art. Your gift of any amount will help the school and
      gallery continue its longstanding excellence in preparing the artists of
      tomorrow.
      We are proud to report that the Herron School of Art has made some
      facility repairs this year including much needed new coats of paint in
      studios and hallways in the Museum building and Fesler. The old kiln shed
      has been replaced and our newly occupied and totally renovated
      photography building on Michigan Street has been in use for the first
      time. In addition, Herron computer facilities are now connected to the
      world-wide Internet system which opens great new opportunities for our
      students and faculty.
      All these repairs, along with support for our outstanding faculty, the
      provision for exciting visiting artists and exhibitions at the Herron
      Gallery , and student scholarships/awards are essential to the continued
      maintenance of educational quality at the school, but they all cost
      money. Despite good financial support from Indiana University we still
      need additional assistance from friends like yourself if the school is to
      continue to progress and prosper.
      I hope you will consider a gift to the school this year. A gift form
      identifying particular areas of need is attached for your reference. Any
      amount will be greatly appreciated.
      Sincerely,
      William J. Voos Dean
    
  

  
  
    
      July 10, 1993
      Dear Herron Student Family,
      Perhaps you have heard your student talk about the visiting artists
      who present slide lectures at Herron about their work, sit in on classes,
      and mingle with the students. Some six artists visit Herron each year
      from allover the country. These are artists who are either emerging as
      leaders in their fields or who have already become well known.
      The visiting Artists Program is a critical component of the Herron
      curriculum, as it exposes the students to artists who are successfully
      supporting themselves with their art and to the most current art trends
      outside of Indiana. Each year funding is sought through grants and gifts
      from individuals.
      Grants are becoming harder to secure and we must look to the
      generosity of individuals to sustain the program. The funding covers
      transportation, lodging and lecture fees for the artists and publicity.
      In total, the program costs about $10,000per year.
      I am asking for the support of the families of Herron students to help
      maintain this vital program. We feel that it is of great importance to
      the curriculum and helps to broaden your student's Herron experience.
      Simply fill out the enclosed form and return it with your donation to
      Herron. All checks should be made payable to Herron- IUF. Any gift will
      be greatly appreciated.
      Feel free to join us for any of the lectures which are held October
      April in our auditorium. Contact my office in the fall for the schedule
      and listing of this years' artists.
      Sincerely,
      William J. Voos, Dean
      
    
  

  
  
    
      August 25, 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name,
      Things are bustling at Herron in preparation for the new school year.
      Contracts are being signed by faculty, room assignments are being made
      for classes , everything's being cleaned, and the Gallery is getting
      ready for the opening of Public Figures. We are expecting about 470
      students majoring in art and another 1,000 who are taking courses with us
      but majoring in another area. Then there are the continuing education and
      the alumni sketch classes. With all the activity, these facilities will
      be used more than ever!
      As you may know, the State Assembly voted to not fund any capital
      projects for the IUPUI campus. The Herron project will be deferred to the
      1995 budget requests, making it necessary for us to remain at the current
      site until at least 1998. A number of repairs and alterations will have
      to be completed at the present facility to assure their usability for a
      few more years.
      Therefore, this year's annual operating campaign for the Herron School
      of Art and Gallery is focusing on the need for funds to help maintain the
      facility and our programs. We are requesting that you consider making an
      increased gift to Herron this year in a time of particular need. It will
      go toward the general operating funds of the School or the Gallery, as
      you choose.
      We will certainly appreciate any gift you can make. Feel free to call
      me at any time for additional information about Herron. Please include
      the enclosed form with your contribution.
      Sincerely, William J. Voos, Dean
      
    
  

  
  
    
      March 3, 1993
      Dear Friend,
      Enclosed is your second renewal notice for your Friends of Herron
      membership.
      Your membership fee assures your receiving notices of exhibition
      openings, lectures, discounts for Saturday School and the Pre-College
      Workshop, and invitations to the Janus Ball, artists' dinners and other
      Friends only events. The year's upcoming shows are:
      Herron Student Exhibition -Current Show Herron Senior Exhibition
      Invasions of Privacy-A Video Exhibition Patrick Dougherty-Enclosures: A
      Sight Specific Installation
      We have an exciting year of exhibitions and events planned and hope
      you will choose to join us.
      Sincerely,
      William J. Voos Dean, Herron School of Art
      P.S. Please return the enclosed form with your check by March 19th so
      that your name remains on our mailing list. Herron School of Art Student
      Awards 1993
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Friends of Art Education,
      It's birthday time! Herron is celebrating its 90th birthday with
      eleven art exhibitions all over town, parties, children's art programs,
      an artist's symposium, lectures, tours -you name it! The city is going to
      explode with Herron's artistic contributions! As we prepare for all the
      events this fall, we are also looking into the future with the
      preparations for a new facility for the professional art school,
      administrative offices, faculty studios, a library and a contemporary
      gallery. Having been only the second set of buildings erected in the
      country expressly for art instruction, Herron has had a long history of
      granting degrees through Indiana University for many of the state's
      artists, art teachers, art scholars and visual designers. It's time to
      celebrate that achievement and to prepare for an even more productive
      future.
      Your donation to the Herron School of Art and Gallery is crucial to
      this goal. Even though we receive operating funds from the state, there
      are a myriad of additional expenses to be met, such as welding equipment
      for sculpture, pottery wheels for ceramics, and computers for graphics.
      There's our art programs for junior and senior high school students which
      are so critical now with less and less allocated in school budgets for
      the arts. And, there is always a need for scholarship funds to help make
      college degrees possible for our students, most of whom come from central
      Indiana.
      Your contribution means so much to the students and public who enjoy
      our outreach programs and gallery exhibitions. Please complete the
      enclosed card and return it with your check made payable to Herron School
      of Art-IUF. Don't forget to indicate to which area you would like your
      donation to be directed.
      Thank you for your interest and support in this our 90th year.
      Sincerely,
      William J. Voos Dean, Herron School of Art and Gallery
      P.S. I have enclosed a schedule of our upcoming exhibitions. Take the
      time to stop by and visit Indianapolis' Center for Contemporary Art.
      The Herron School of Art and Gallery at IUPUI is contemporary art!
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Friends of Herron:
      This is a special year for Herron! Our 90th Birthday celebration began
      in July and will continue through February. There's still time for you to
      take part by attending the remaining events and by making a gift to
      Herron in honor of its tremendous continuous influence on the
      Indianapolis art scene.
      Maintaining that same level of influence is harder and harder due to
      the rising operating cost of a professional art school. And, we try to
      augment this on-going effort with special opportunities for the students,
      like the Visiting Artists Series, the latest computer graphic equipment,
      the best faculty and the most meaningful art exhibitions. Your donations
      go toward it all.
      Help us continue to offer the finest professional art training to our
      students, the junior and senior high school students enrolled in Saturday
      School and to all those adults in continuing education courses. Your
      support is greatly needed and greatly appreciated.
      Sincerely yours,
      William J. Voos
      Dean, Herron School of Art
      P.S. Enclosed is a listing of the 90th exhibitions going on throughout
      the city. Don't miss the opening of the last one at the National Art
      Museum of Sport on Thursday, November 5 from 5:30-8:00 p.m. Also, notice
      Herron's window display at the city Center through October.
    
  

  
  
    
      February 1993
      Dear Herron Friends,
      Herron students excel again! Not only are they winning awards around
      town but many will be presented with scholarships or gift certificates on
      April 30th at the annual Awards & Honors Ceremony.
      Faculty members select outstanding students in each area to receive
      funds that come from annual donations and the interest from endowed
      scholarships. The funds go directly to the students' tuition. The gift
      certificates are most typically from art bookstores and art supply
      stores.
      Winning an award is a tremendous honor for a Herron student. It
      exemplifies the support and encouragement that the faculty and community
      provides. For many it's the extra boost they need to continue their
      studies toward a productive career in the visual arts.
      Please consider making a donation to this rewarding program. Come that
      evening and see your student shine as he or she goes to the stage to
      accept the award. Your involvement will be greatly appreciated.
      Sincerely,
      William J. Voos Dean
      
      
    
  

  
  
    
      March 1992
      Dear Art Friends,
      The Herron School of Art and Gallery of Indiana University is
      contemporary art! It's students with palettes and pots. It's
      conversations about artistic trends. It's a place where creativity
      abounds!
      You can be a part of it all! Join the Friends of Herron and get the
      inside scoop on the local art scene. You'll be the first to know about
      upcoming exhibitions by nationally, regionally and locally known artists.
      You'll have the opportunity to discuss their work over dinner. You'll get
      the chance to visit local artists' studios. You'll meet our students who
      are studying to become tomorrow's professional artists. Perhaps you'll
      choose to purchase their developing works and begin your own collection.
      Or maybe you or one of your family will want to dive right in and take a
      course in jewelry design, woodworking, ceramics, or painting at a
      discounted member's price.
      However you choose to participate, I know you'll enjoy being a part of
      the Herron School of Art and Gallery. Join today by completing the form
      in the membership brochure and return it with your check made payable to
      Herron School of Art-IUF. We'll send you our newsletters, invitations and
      membership cards.
      See you at our next opening!
      Sincerely,
      William J. Voos Dean of the Herron School of Art and Gallery
    
  

  
  
    
      February 1, 1992
      Dear Friend of Herron,
      Lights! Camera! Action! It's time for the annual Awards Ceremony.
      Faculty on the stage! The envelopes please!
      Excitement abounds as some 300 students and proud parents and
      grandparents fill the IUPUI Conference Center for the event. Cameras
      flash as the names are called of the winners of gift certificates for art
      supplies and cash scholarships ranging from $50 to $3,000. Outstanding
      Herron students are honored on this special evening of recognition with
      gifts from local companies and individuals.
      Although we have not given the alumni and donors at large the
      opportunity to participate in the giving of awards for students, we would
      like to this year as a special way for you to respond to Herron's 90th
      anniversary. There are a number of existing endowed memorial scholarships
      that you might like to donate to or you might like to establish a new
      one. Students appreciate gift certificates from art supply stores,
      lumberyards, paper firms, etc. One time awards of cash are also very
      helpful.
      To make a student award, please complete the enclosed form and mail it
      with your check made payable to the Herron School of Art/IUF by
      mid-March. We want to be sure to include your award with the others as
      the faculty make their selections. This is a great way to make a dynamic
      donation to the students of Herron. Their appreciation and enthusiasm for
      what they are doing will go a long way to thank you for your
      encouragement and support.
      Sincerely,
      William J. Voos Dean, Herron School of Art
    
  

  
  
    
      October 1, 1991
      Dear Friends of Herron Gallery,
      In early September you received an annual appeal from Herron. Don't
      forget that you need to respond to renew your Friends membership and keep
      your name on the Gallery's mailing list. Otherwise, you'll miss receiving
      the new quarterly Chronicle newsletter, the special exhibition opening
      invitation, a Janus Ball invitation and advance notice of the Visiting
      Artist lectures and the exciting activities planned to celebrate Herron's
      90th birthday.
      Enclosed is another renewal card. Return the completed card with your
      check by October 15 to receive an invitation to a special artist dinner
      on November 8.
      I hope you'll renew your donation to the Herron Gallery and join us
      for another year of terrific contemporary happenings.
      Sincerely,
      Dorit Paul President, Friends of Herron Gallery
    
  

  
  
    
      September 1, 1991
      Dear Friend of Education within the Arts,
      Great things are underway at Herron! Not only have we had the highest
      enrollment ever for the past two years, but the Gallery is exhibiting
      some of the most exciting work in its history. On top of all this, we're
      about to celebrate our 90th birthday as one of the country's most
      prestigious professional art schools and as Indianapolis's showcase for
      the latest art trends. Enclosed is a schedule of upcoming
      exhibitions.
      This year there are close to 450 students at Herron studying for their
      college degree in fine arts, art education, art history, or visual
      communication. Our students and the public are continuing to enjoy a
      number of special programs, such as the Visiting Artist Program, which
      draws about 10 nationally known artists who present free public slide
      lectures about their work, the Saturday School, now in its 70th year of
      providing art classes for junior and senior high school students every
      spring and fall, and the Pre-College Program, offering art classes for
      recently graduated high school students who are interested in careers in
      the arts. The Gallery will enhance the course work and programming with
      its exciting array of exhibitions and related events planned for the
      1991-1992 season.
      As you can imagine, it is costly to maintain the facility, provide
      compensation to faculty and staff and to provide financial aid, supplies,
      programming and equipment to make all this happen. We do receive some
      funding from the state and the University, but we must rely on private
      gifts for any costs above the basic necessities.
      Won't you consider making a gift to Herron's operating fund? You will
      be helping us to continue to serve the community through our public
      programs, to provide scholarships to deserving young artists, to attract
      the best arts faculty and to continue to train many of Indiana's public
      school art teachers and visual communicators.
      Please complete the enclosed form and return it with your check made
      payable to the Herron School of Art and Gallery / IUF. We're counting on
      our friends and alumni to help us maintain our excellence.
      Sincerely,
      Dean of the Herron School of Art and Gallery
      P.S. In the next few months you'll receive more information about even
      more exciting events at Herron!
    
  

  
  
    
      March 30, 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. Name:
      Response ability: As the leader of a thriving urban university, the
      Chancellor of IUPUI faces many responsibilities. In many ways, the
      ability to respond is crucial to the mission and well-being of the
      campus. The Chancellor's Circle at IUPUI provides Chancellor Gerald L.
      Bepko with an important source of unrestricted funds to help him to
      respond to the challenges of a rapidly changing environment.
      Contributions to the Chancellor's Circle have already been
      extraordinarily valuable to IUPUI and to Jerry: by helping to recruit a
      national expert in institutional planning, Trudy Banta, by bringing the
      advice of consultants on such topics as race relations and freshman
      retention, and by helping us to strengthen our ties with the community
      through participation in programs like WordStruck, Indiana's four-day
      festival of books and reading. You are invited to join the Chancellor's
      Circle at IUPUI which provides unrestricted funds for Jerry's use. Those
      who contribute to the Chancellor's Circle believe that our urban
      university is an important community resource for the educational,
      cultural, and economic quality of life of their co-workers, employees,
      neighbors, and friends.
      Your support of the Chancellor's Circle will contribute to the success
      of the campus as our community and IUPUI continue to grow and to change.
      As a participant in the Chancellor's Circle or Chancellor's Associates,
      you will receive reports from Jerry Bepko on how he puts your gifts to
      work. You also will be invited to special events and receive selected
      mailings about progress on campus.
      As an individual, you can participate by making an annual unrestricted
      gift of $1,000 or more for Chancellor's Circle, or of $500 or more for
      Chancellor's Associates. Corporate participation involves an annual
      unrestricted gift of $2,500 or more for Chancellor's Circle or of $1,000
      or more for Chancellor's Associates.
      I have enclosed a brochure which tells you more about the Chancellor's
      Circle and which includes a reply card. I have also enclosed a reply
      envelope for your convenience.
      I hope you will join me in support of the Chancellor's Circle at
      IUPUI. Thank you.
      Sincerely,
      John R. Hodowal Chairman, Chancellor's Circle Enclosures
      
    
  

  
  
    
      March 31, 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name and Name:
      I would like to thank you for your support of the Chancellor's Circle
      at IUPUI in its initial year. You joined many others who contributed to
      the Chancellor's Circle and demonstrated their belief that our urban
      university is an important community resource for the educational,
      cultural, and economic quality of life of their co-workers, employees,
      neighbors, and friends. Contributions to the Chancellor s Circle have
      already been extraordinarily valuable to IUPUI: by helping to recruit a
      national expert in institutional planning, Trudy Banta, by bringing the
      advice of consultants on such topics as race relations and freshman
      retention, and by helping us to strengthen our ties with the community
      through participation in programs like WordStruck, Indiana's four-day
      festival of books and reading.
      You are invited to renew your support of the Chancellor's Circle at
      IUPUI which provides unrestricted funds for Chancellor Jerry Bepko's use.
      Your support of the Chancellor's Circle will continue to contribute to
      the success of the campus as our community and IUPUI grow and change. As
      you know, you can participate as an individual by making an annual
      unrestricted gift of $1,000 or more for Chancellor's Circle, or of $500
      or more for Chancellors Associates. Corporate participation involves an
      annual unrestricted gift of $2,500 or more for Chancellor's Circle or of
      $1,000 or more for Chancellors Associates. I have enclosed a brochure
      which tells you more about the Chancellor s Circle and which includes a
      reply card. I have also enclosed a reply envelope for your
      convenience.
      I hope you will continue your support of the Chancellor s Circle at
      IUPUI. Thank you.
      Sincerely,
      John R. Hodowal Chairman, Chancellor s Circle
    
  

  
  
    
      You are invited to participate in the Chancellor's Circle at Indiana
      University-Purdue University at Indianapolis (IUPUI).
      This group of donors will directly help the Chancellor meet immediate
      needs of faculty, students, and staff. These needs require unrestricted
      gifts that the Chancellor can use for special purposes that the usual
      sources of support can't cover.
      With your personal commitment, the IUPUI Chancellor will be able to
      act sooner and more effectively when special opportunities arise.
      As is true at other campuses, almost all of our operating funds are
      restricted. We must use income from fees and appropriations for defined
      purposes, and most gifts are designated. Even at ivy-covered,
      well-endowed universities, discretionary funds are limited. At IUPUI,
      they are scarce. Through annual unrestricted gifts from individual and
      corporate supporters, the Chancellor's Circle will make it possible to
      respond more fully and flexibly to current needs. You are invited to
      become a part of this important new venture to strengthen this growing
      partnership of two great state universities in Indianapolis.
      IUPUI's Mission and Plans
      Every great city needs a first-rate system of higher education-both
      public and private-anchored by a first- rate public university. For
      Indianapolis, that public university must be IUPUI.
      From its start in 1969, Indiana University-Purdue University at
      Indianapolis has been a partner with its city and region in their shared
      growth and development. IUPUI's contributions of teaching, research, and
      public service have helped to lift the quality of life in its
      community.
      IUPUI's goals for the 1990s, in the context of Indiana University's
      statewide plans, call for improving undergraduate education, enhancing
      relationships with the community , and strengthening research that will
      stimulate Indiana's economic growth.
      IUPUI envisions a complete and unified university campus, one that
      will become a model for public higher education for the nation's cities.
      Private gifts will play a vital role in reaching these goals. The
      Chancellor's Circle offers distinctive ways to add momentum to further
      growth of this campus for Indianapolis and Indiana.
      Faculty Recruitment and Development Discretionary funds are especially
      needed to attract and retain faculty members. During the 1990s, there
      will be much stiffer national competition for new faculty. The numbers of
      Ph.D. holders will be down, many current faculty will retire, and
      enrollments will increase. At IUPUI, where we continue to face critical
      shortages of full-time faculty, we will have to make special efforts.
      Gifts to the Chancellor's Circle will help pay travel costs to our city
      and campus for prospective faculty and their spouses, along with some
      relocation costs. The Chancellor's Circle also will help current faculty
      keep up with their scholarly and professional peers. They need individual
      support to attend conferences, present papers, publish their works, and
      keep in touch with others in their fields across the country.
      Faculty and Student Awards Annual presentations of Chancellor's awards
      encourage outstanding work among faculty, staff, and students. These
      awards provide chances to recognize unusual achievements and sometimes
      offer honoraria as incentives. The Chancellor's Circle will help to
      defray costs of these special awards.
      Special Opportunities No organization can anticipate every opportunity
      that may become available during its next budget cycle. These can include
      unforeseen chances to enhance student and faculty learning by inviting
      special visitors and scholars to the campus when they happen to be in the
      state. sometimes local events can generate chances for faculty and staff
      to assist the community because of their unique forms of expertise.
      Or sudden changes in other countries can create openings for faculty
      research. The campus also can serve as a community forum, sponsoring
      public lectures by authorities on issues in the news. Support from the
      Chancellor's Circle can help us take advantage of such emerging
      options.
      Joining The Circle As a participant in the Chancellor's Circle, you
      will receive reports from Chancellor Gerald L. Bepko on how he puts your
      gifts to work. You also will be invited to special events and receive
      mailings about campus activities. Other benefits of participation are
      being planned. Initially, individuals can take part by making an annual
      unrestricted gift of $1,000 or more for Chancellor's Circle, or of $500
      or more for Chancellors Associates. Corporate participation involves an
      annual unrestricted gift of $2,500 or more for Chancellors Circle or of
      $1,000 or more for Chancellors Associates.
      Checks should be made payable to: IU Foundation/IUPUI Chancellor's
      Circle University Conference Center 850 West Michigan Street, Suite 241
      Indianapolis, Indiana 46202-5198 (317) 274-3711 For information on gifts
      of stocks, bonds, or mutual funds, or how to make a gift through the
      Purdue Foundation, please contact the above office.
      Indiana University-Purdue University at Indianapolis Board of Advisors
      Honorable Sarah Evans Barker Percy Clark, Jr. Mitchell Daniels, Jr.
      Charles Deppert Joseph P. Pogliano David R. Prick Harry L. Gonso John T.
      Hackett Honorable William H. Hudnut, III Sam H. Jones Thomas A. King
      Walter B. Kirkwood, Jr. J. Timothy McGinley E. Kirk McKinney Ted R.
      Meredith Thomas Miller James T. Morris John Myrland Dr. C.W. Pettinga
      George P. Rapp, M.D. William T. Ray Dr. Beurt Servaas Eric A. Todd Eunice
      Trotter Patricia Tumer-Smith Phil Votaw P. Blake Wallace Emeritus Mrs.
      Edna B. Lacy
    
  

  
  
    
      March 31, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name,
      Thank you again for sending me the information on your "$25 reasonable
      request" direct mail appeal as well as your detailed analysis of results.
      I shamelessly and freely borrowed the concept, making adaptations to fit
      our needs and used it as a direct mail appeal last fall...samples
      enclosed.
      Here's the results so far: # mailed: 5,615 targeted to our non-donor
      alumni # responses: 81 1.4% # raised: $2,840 smallest gift: $5.00 largest
      gift: $250.00
      Summary: While we didn't generate as much gift income as you did, we
      were extremely pleased with the results, the overall favorable response
      to the nature of this ask, and the additional notes and comments received
      from these non-donors. One person sent $25 because "you asked me for a
      reasonable amount". Several filled out the questionnaire and returned it
      with an apology why they couldn't give...at least they were honest!
      Thanks again for your kind assistance.
      Sincerely, John Fehlman Director of Annual Fund
      I asked people all over the campus to submit a few reasons why they
      felt alumni and friends would contribute at least $25 to Malone College
      in support of The Malone College Fund. They came back with lots of
      reasons ! We hope you find your reasons on the list. If not, be sure to
      add yours next to the blanks provided. On the reverse side of this card,
      you will find an explanation of how funds contributed to The Malone
      College Fund are utilized. Please let us hear from you soon!
    
  

  
  
    
      September 15, 1992
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. Name:
      The space age began with the launch of Sputnik in October 1957. This
      remarkable accomplishment happened during the first semester of my junior
      year at DePauw University where, by sheer coincidence, I was being
      severely challenged by an "Introduction to Classical Mechanics," where I
      was studying the equations of gravity and orbital motion as taught by Dr.
      Correll. Believe me, I never dreamed that some 25 years later my life
      would depend on my precise understanding of real-time solutions to these
      same equations. Had I known such strange events would occur, I assure you
      I would have spent much more time studying physics in Minshall Lab and
      less time playing bridge in the Hub. The point is, the liberal arts
      education you and I received at DePauw gave us the tools to learn, and
      I'm convinced, instilled in us the curiosity to keep learning. In our
      changing world, the sky is no longer the boundary to our travels. In our
      changing world, there are likewise no boundaries to where a DePauw
      education can lead us.
      That's why I'm writing to you and asking for your help in this year's
      Annual Fund.
      Why should we support DePauw? Simply stated, we must offer the 2,100
      students now enrolled at the University those same opportunities to
      develop skills they will need to meet ever-moving challenges. Through our
      support of the Annual Fund, you and I can help continue the educational
      tradition we enjoyed --a strong foundation for a lifetime of continued
      learning and growth. There is no doubt in my mind that the pop quizzes my
      dad, Professor "Perk" Allen, gave his accounting students served an
      important purpose. His lesson of "be prepared: real life will test you
      every day" was carried by each of his students into their individual
      careers. It is practical advice that remains true today.
      Is a liberal arts education still sufficient? Some argue that the
      growing pace of technology makes a liberal arts education less valuable
      in the '90s. I believe just the opposite. A liberal arts education is
      even more valuable today precisely because technology outdates itself so
      rapidly. The ability to keep learning, to keep discovering, and to keep
      inventing becomes even more important if we are to compete in tomorrow's
      world.
      For example, when I was at DePauw, the most "technical" educational
      experience I can remember was visiting the IBM plant east of Greencastle
      to observe the manufacture of computer cards. This was the future! Yet
      those cards quickly became obsolete as computers shrank in size and new
      data-handling technologies were invented. Today we can readily buy
      lap-top computers with data storage capacity far greater than that entire
      IBM factory could have offered.
      Yes, as a science student at DePauw I did learn the methods of
      mathematics and the mechanics of physics. More importantly, I remember
      that professors like Dr. Gass and Dr. Cook also taught us to persevere in
      the face of occasional failures and instilled in us the confidence to
      tackle complicated-sounding subjects -- subjects which might be difficult
      to learn, but which could yield great rewards. And coaches like Mike
      Snavely and Charlie Erdmann taught us about the importance of teamwork,
      not only on the playing field but in the classroom and in the
      dormitories, fraternities and sororities during the course of our daily
      lives as undergraduates.
      Your memories are probably very similar. Regardless of when you
      studied in Greencastle, the fact is that the only way we can keep up with
      changes of today's world is to possess the energy and the ability to
      continue learning. Through some 30 years so far, my DePauw education
      hasn't let me down. The challenges I face today in applying new
      technology in the manufacturing of low-cost space products depend upon my
      ability to keep learning. Believe it or not, the wondrous Sputnik
      satellite of 1957 compares to a 1990s communications satellite as those
      obsolete IBM computer cards compare to modern disk storage units.
      You have your own special memories and reasons to support DePauw, but
      we are all members of the DePauw family of friends, classmates and
      special professors. My closeness to the University is strengthened by a
      family legacy which goes back over 100 years to my
      great-great-grandfather, Professor William F. Swahlen, who taught Greek
      at Indiana Asbury from 1887-1914, and carried on with my
      great-grandfather, Joseph P. Allen '97; my mother, Harriet Taylor Allen
      '28; my father, Joseph P. "Perk" Allen '30, professor emeritus of
      economics; my brother, Dr. David T. Allen '61; my wife, Bonnie Darling
      Allen '61; and continues today with my nephew, Tim Allen '92.
      Like mine, your ties to DePauw are a part of a proud tradition on a
      campus where the sense of history is treasured. And these ties, coupled
      with our classroom experience, are a valuable part of our DePauw
      education. We must pass this tradition along. Our generous gifts to the
      Annual Fund will give today's students the opportunities that older
      alumni shared with us by making their gifts to the Fund.
      This year, your Class of 1943 celebrates its golden anniversary, and
      it's time once again to reminisce about your days at DePauw. Please
      consider making a special gift this year in honor of your reunion and
      those special memories. Your support will make a difference.
      I really believe that our support of DePauw does matter. The DePauw
      classes of 1993, 1994, 1995 and 1996 can make a difference in today's
      world. They matter, and our support to them matters. We must invest in
      their future and ours.
      Sincerely,
      Joseph P. "Joe" Allen '59
    
  

  
  
    
      November 4, 1992
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Here we are, the Department of Communication and Theatre, and there
      you are, an alum of the Department. Yet, in the midst of all our activity
      over the years, many of us have NOT COMMUNICATED--at least not with one
      another.
      Under separate cover, Dr. Bruce Wagener recently sent a mailing to you
      in order to confirm your current educational and occupational status,
      your ongoing involvements and interests, and future plans you might
      have.
      Our records in that regard are fragmentary at best. Most recently, we
      received results of an employment survey of 1990- 91 graduates, conducted
      by IUPUI's Career and Employment Services--it was pleasing to learn that
      we had nearly twice as many graduates as any other department in the
      School of Liberal Arts. A proportionately large number of you responded
      to that survey.
      But, it is high time that we establish direct contact with all alumni
      from all the graduation years, from all Department activities and areas.
      That is why, as Dr. Wagener indicated, departmental newsletters soon will
      be forthcoming, sharing information on alumni as well as happenings in
      the Department.
      Recently a project' arose that should be interesting to you as a
      former student who struggled to clear the financial hurdle of education.
      We were generously offered $1,000 toward the establishment of our
      Department's first scholarship program. It was given as a start toward a
      goal of a $10,000 alumni scholarship fund. That fund would allow us to
      grant a $500 scholarship annually to meritorious applicants with
      financial need.
      Here is where you can help. The $10,000 is a highly commendable goal
      which can be realized through contributions in whatever amount you can
      give. As you probably well know, the resources provided by such
      scholarships might well determine whether or not promising students can
      continue their education. Please use the enclosed postage-paid envelope
      to make your gift. I might add that a gift of $400 qualifies you for
      recognition in the School of Liberal Arts Dean's Council, a critical
      group of supporters whose generosity does a lot to advance the calibre of
      the School.
      Whether the tax deductible gift you can give is for $400 or $40 or
      $10, I urge you to join us as we build better ways to help our
      students.
      NOW OUR FIRST INVITATION TO YOU: We invite each contributor and
      her/his guest to attend our annual Department Reception for Graduating
      Seniors and Their Guests. In this way, you can be recognized and thanked
      in person, while visiting with faculty and students. The reception is
      held on the same day as the School of Liberal Arts Honors Convocation.
      The 1992 reception was by far our biggest and best--it was held on campus
      during the hours immediately preceding School activities. Our 1993
      reception will be April 16. Please note that on your calendar. Specifics
      will be sent to you once the menu and plans have been finalized and
      invitations printed.
      We look forward to hearing from you and interacting more frequently in
      the future.
      Sincerely,
      Robert C. Dick, Ph.D. Professor and Chairperson
    
  

  
  
    
      October 16, 1992
      Name Address City, St Zip
      Dear Name:
      You never write. You never call. Just off on your own adventure with
      never a thought about us. But we're here and doing our best to enhance
      the value of your degree. IUPUI is growing and so is the English
      Department. So, we thought you ought to know what we've been doing.
      Much of our energy lately has been devoted to preparing the proposal
      for a master's degree in English. The proposal is now before the
      Commission for Higher Education and, if they pass it this fall, we should
      be open for business with our new MA program in Fall Semester, 1993. Keep
      an eye out for our announcement.
      And we made some extensive changes in the requirements for the English
      major. The new requirements stress closer attention to individual
      learning between students and advisers and emphasize the connections
      among literary study, writing, and linguistics. We still want our
      students to take survey courses, Shakespeare, and advanced expository
      writing, but we have a different mechanism for going about making it
      happen. We've also added a number of new faculty and some of the old
      timers have developed new research and teaching interests.
      And you? What have you been up to? Write and let us know what you are
      doing and how you are faring in the journey of life. From time to time
      we'd like to send out a modest newsletter that keeps you up to date on us
      and on you. You can omit any of the illegal or embarrassing activities if
      you like, but other graduates will be interested in your news. And we
      will share with you our news.
      We've been looking for ways to build a sense of community among our
      majors, our faculty, and our graduates. English-types (like us) thrive in
      an environment that fosters dialogue. This is sometimes difficult, if not
      impossible, at a campus like ours. Yet all of us seek in some ways to
      make it happen.
      One of the Department's initiatives is to offer support for English
      majors through the development of scholarship funds. In fact, this is
      such an important issue, every one of the full-time faculty and many of
      the adjunct faculty make at least one significant gift to the Department
      every year. Faculty can be a pretty serious force when they believe in
      the rightness of something like this.
      To date, over $50,000 has been given to scholarships or other awards
      for English majors, by a wide variety of donors.
      We now administer two annual prizes for creative writing, a fund for
      bringing writers to campus, and two competitive scholarship funds. A
      number of your fellow alumni have expressed an interest in establishing
      an English Alumni Scholarship Fund to offer tuition support to an English
      major who promises to make a contribution to life after graduating. We
      can support such a scholarship if you will give $25.00 to the English
      Alumni Scholarship Fund. If every English graduate takes this opportunity
      to pass along the gifts they have received, then in a few years, we can
      offer scholarships to a number of worthy undergraduates.
      So, fill out the enclosed form and we'll be delighted to hear from
      you.
      Sincerely yours,
      Richard C. Turner Chair
      P.S. Please return the completed questionnaire and the enclosed donor
      card in the prepaid, self-addressed envelope. Thank you.
    
  

  
  
    
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Apri1 16, 1990
      Dear Christopher:
      The 1990 Senior Challenge is about to begin. We invite your
      participation!
      WHAT IS THE SENIOR CHALLENGE?
      The 1990 Senior Challenge is a giving program for seniors to help the
      School of Liberal Arts.
      WHERE DOES THE MONEY GO?
      Three areas have been targeted this year: (1) the general fund of the
      School of Liberal Arts to provide assistance where needed, (2) your
      department, and (3) the Dan B. Wolf Loan Fund for enrolled liberal arts
      majors who are in need of temporary financial assistance.
      WHY GIVE?
      We have been the direct beneficiaries of private as well as state
      support of our university. Gifts from alumni are essential to bridge the
      gap between what our tuition dollars and state funding provide, and the
      actual cost of an undergraduate education. A better School of Liberal
      Arts helps increase the value of our own degrees.
      Last year was the first year for the School of Liberal Arts Senior
      Challenge. Over $500 was raised. This year, our goal is to double that
      amount. Those of us on the Student Council of the School of Liberal Arts,
      representing you to the Dean and funding your departmental clubs, trips
      and parties, believe that you can help us convey to the Dean and our
      teachers how much we appreciate them. The way is simple.
      Join us in helping the School of Liberal Arts be all that it can be.
      Complete and mail the enclosed form in the self-addressed postage-paid
      envelope with your check made to the ill Foundation/Liberal Arts Senior
      Challenge.
      Sincerely,
      Michelle A. Hoffmann, Spanish, '91 President, Student Council of the
      School of Liberal Arts
    
  

  
  
    
      November 26, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. Name:
      As a college graduate with a liberal arts education, you are well
      aware of the importance of education in our society--and of the challenge
      we have in making it available to a wide range of students.
      With the cost of providing quality and diversity always on the rise,
      the financial generosity of alumni and friends continues to allow
      important, nationally recognized, projects to move forward. Projects
      which enliven and enrich the student experience and draw some of our
      finest scholars and teachers to our campus--and to our city.
      Whether you attended classes full time, were an adult returning
      student, or worked full time in a career while taking classes, I believe
      you know first hand how important it was that Liberal Arts was open and
      available to you--and you also know how important it still is.
      You may not have realized it at the time, but you and your fellow
      students were part of something very big in Indianapolis. Today, the
      School of Liberal Arts experiences national prominence as a focal point
      for innovation in our humanities and social sciences.
      Let me mention some of the interdisciplinary publishing projects the
      School has developed. The publication of the works of Charles S. Peirce,
      one of the most important scholarly editions in American letters, has
      been featured in the London Times Literary Supplement, the most widely
      read international book review in English. The new Journal of Religion
      and American Culture will begin publication this year. The Encyclopedia
      of Indianapolis is progressing well. And the Family Studies Project is
      planning a journal.
      Funds from donors were essential aspects of initiating all these
      projects. As they continue to receive national attention, annual funding
      is necessary for them to grow and excel further.
      We (the School and you) have come a long way--not only under our own
      steam, but with the combined help of many others. Please join in this
      help with your gift today.
      Best regards,
      John D. Barlow Dean
    
  

  
  
    
      November 21, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      In the past, you have been generous in your support of programs in the
      School of Liberal Arts. We have especially appreciated this generosity
      and hope you have been pleased with the growth and development of the
      School.
      Now I am writing to ask if you would continue your support with a
      further donation for 1990. Many of our programs and scholarships have
      developed beyond expectations due to the donations of our friends. with
      an additional gift, we can continue this fine record.
      Thank you, once again, for your generosity.
      Sincerely,
      John D. Barlow Dean
    
  

  
  
    
      October 1, 1992
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Since 1981, the Geography Department at IUPUI has graduated 67
      geographers. There have been so many changes to the IUPUI campus and your
      department that you and your fellow graduates might not recognize
      them.
      A major development of national significance has provided much
      prestige to the IUPUI Geography Department. The city of Indianapolis
      decided to develop a massive geographic information system (GIS) called
      Indianapolis Mapping and Geographic Infrastructure System (IMAGIS) in
      which the Geography Department and the University were invited to
      participate. Four city agencies and four private corporations banded
      together with the university to develop an accurate multipurpose computer
      map of Marion County. The university manages the consortium in exchange
      for the privilege of being able to carry out geographic teaching and
      research on the system. The Laboratory of Applied Spatial Information
      Research (LASIR) was established as the university's interface with
      IMAGIs. Faculty research and GIS courses are conducted in LASIR. You
      might be interested in checking out the facilities.
      Your department has been recognized by The National Geographic Society
      which has granted over $350,000 to be matched by state funds to develop
      geographic education in the state of Indiana. The Geographic Education
      Network of Indiana, Inc. (GENI) manages the statewide project from the
      IUPUI Geography Department. GENI organizes teacher workshops for K-12
      teachers and assists them in developing geography teaching materials for
      classroom use. GENI also promotes the expansion of geography in teacher
      training curriculums and in K-12 curriculums.
      This year, there are over 40 geography majors at IUPUI. They must
      compete with hundreds of other students for limited financial aid. For
      the first time, however, the department has received a $1000 gift to
      begin a scholarship fund to benefit geography students only. $1000 is
      very generous, but in order to preserve a scholarship, it must be
      invested. An endowment of $10,000 would allow the department to award
      needy geography majors small, but very important scholarships--every
      year.
      You can help in several ways. Most obviously, you can make a personal
      gift to the IUPUI Geography Alumni Scholarship. If $1000 seems like a
      lot, please consider a gift in an amount you can afford. Perhaps $100 is
      more to your liking or, perhaps, you would be interested in making
      several smaller gifts during the year. Any contributions are tax
      deductible from both federal and Indiana state taxes. Please send your
      contributions to the IU Foundation, IUPUI Geography Department
      Scholarship Fund, with the enclosed card in the self-addressed envelope.
      Please contact me if you have any questions.
      Sincerely,
      Rick Bein Chair
      P.S. Especially appealing, for you and the department, is the fact
      that a number of alumni work for companies that will match their
      gifts--sometimes as much as three to one. If you do, and you make a gift
      of perhaps $50 your company's match could raise the value of your gift to
      $100, $150 or $200! That makes a big difference in the amount available
      to establish a scholarship to benefit geography majors.
      Enclosure
      
    
  

  
  
    
      December 12, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      A few months ago, Carl Newton and I wrote a letter asking you to
      consider a financial contribution to graduate Endodontics at Indiana
      University. I am pleased to tell you that we have had a positive response
      to the letter.
      It is great to know that people, like you, who have graduated from our
      program are willing to support us in such a significant way. We are using
      the funds to support graduate Endodontic students and faculty. without
      the financial backing of our alumni, their educational experience would
      be somewhat diminished.
      I'm sending this follow-up letter to let you know that your support is
      greatly needed and appreciated by everyone involved with graduate
      Endodontics at IU. With year-end tax decisions on the horizon, I hope
      that you'll include our program in your charitable contributions.
      Your gift, made through Indiana University Foundation, is
      tax-deductible.
      Let me assure you that all contributions directed to graduate
      Endodontics will be used only within our program. You can be certain that
      your support is very meaningful to us. I've enclosed a gift card and
      envelope for your convenience. Thanks for your consideration!
      Sincerely,
      Cecil Brown Jr., DDS, MS Associate Professor and Director of Graduate
      Endodontics
    
  

  
  
    
      December 2, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      As a donor to the School of Dentistry, you are making a significant
      investment in dental education in Indiana. With the support of people
      like you, the ill School of Dentistry has funded scholarships for
      deserving students, research and professional development opportunities
      for faculty, and a computer network for the entire school. These
      advancements simply would not have been available without contributions
      from alumni and friends of the school. Your continued investment will
      enable Indiana University to carry on with many programs that are not
      funded by state appropriations.
      I hope that you have noted the positive changes taking place at our
      dental school, many of which have been described in the Alumni Bulletin.
      Under the leadership of Dean H. William Gilmore, the second floor of the
      school was completely renovated this year. As a result, the second-floor
      clinics and research facilities are the finest to be found in the
      country. These new state-of-the-art facilities will enable the school to
      work "smarter and harder"; relations will be paid for through the
      increased productivity and efficiency that such contemporary,
      well-designed facilities make possible.
      At a time when many dental schools are closing or cutting back on
      programs, Indiana University is investing in and enhancing its own
      future. No finer education is available-anywhere. We can and should be
      proud that the IU School of Dentistry is positioned to remain an
      international leader in these challenging times facing health care.
      The Indiana University School of Dentistry is promoting 1995 as "The
      Year of Enlightenment" in dental education. The school will devote the
      year to educating both internal and external groups about advancements in
      oral health care and how those advancements benefit citizens from around
      the state and elsewhere. I hope that you will see evidence of the school'
      s efforts in your community.
      Your investment in IUSD as a donor is essential if our school is to
      remain a leader in dentistry and education. Please take this opportunity
      to renew your investment or even to consider increasing your donation to
      the Century I level. I believe that your support will be returned many
      times over through quality education, which elevates our entire
      profession.
      Thank you for your continued support of Indiana University School of
      Dentistry.
      Sincerely,
      Richard D. Ellsworth, DDS National Giving Chairman
    
  

  
  
    
      November 23, 1994
      Dear Colleague:
      Over the last fifteen years, members of the Indiana Dental Association
      have built the Pursuit of Excellence Endowment at the IU School of
      Dentistry with contributions in excess of $600,000. We have funded
      significant research endeavors and rewarded outstanding faculty for work
      that is at the leading edge of oral health care. In addition to funding
      these projects, the School has invested the money well, and the market
      value of the endowment has grown to over $750,000.
      Last year , the Trustees of the Indiana Dental Association approved a
      resolution to raise funds to build the endowment to $1 million, to fund a
      distinguished chair at IUSD. The Indiana Dental Association Distinguished
      Chair will represent the first state dental association in the country to
      complete such a commitment to its dental school. In the rapidly changing
      health care arena, this chair will serve as an important symbol of the
      shared commitment of the school and profession in Indiana.
      An endowed chair will greatly benefit the IU School of Dentistry. From
      its inception, the IDA Pursuit of Excellence Fund has supported and
      rewarded faculty for unique and outstanding effort on behalf of
      dentistry. Income from the endowment will enable IUSD to attract and
      retain an eminently qualified faculty member for the school. We will be
      able to fund the position with important incentives for excellence which
      would not be available from any other source.
      Our entire profession will benefit greatly from this endowment. It is
      important and we hope that you will make a significant contribution to
      the Pursuit of Excellence fund this year. Five-year pledges are
      essential, and will be recognized at the IDA Annual Session and in school
      and professional publications. Your contribution, made through Indiana
      University Foundation, is tax-deductible to the fullest extent of the
      law.
      Thank you for your consideration of this important request.
      Sincerely,
      
      H. William Gilmore, DDS Dean, IU School of Dentistry
      Lloyd J. Phillips, DDS Chair, IDA Endowment Committee
      
    
  

  
  
    
      August 12, 1994
      Dear Dental Hygiene Colleague:
      Turn back the hands of time and remember when you made the decision to
      become a dental hygienist. For some that decision was made in the recent
      past and for others, the distant past. Whatever the case, that decision
      was a defining moment in your life and the beginning of a productive and
      rewarding future.
      Each student that enters our dental hygiene program is embarking on
      the same journey that you traveled before them. However, the excitement
      and motivation of that goal is often diminished by the difficult
      financial constraints that students experience. Our student population is
      changing and greater demands are placed on students and their families.
      Financial assistance through the A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship
      Fund has helped many dental hygiene students achieve their career
      goal.
      If you have supported the A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship in the
      past, I would like to thank you for your commitment to dental hygiene
      education and ask for your continued support. If this is your first
      donation I would like to thank you in advance for your interest and
      support of this important scholarship fund. An envelope and giving card
      are enclosed for your convenience. Please make checks payable to Indiana
      University Foundation.
      Sincerely,
      Gail F. Williamson, LDH, MS Dental Hygiene Alumna
    
  

  
  
    
      July 22, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Most of you remember sitting in a lecture hall and learning about
      dental materials from Dr. Ralph W. Phillips. Perhaps you were one of the
      many students who were able to spend some time on a research project with
      Dr. Phillips or one of the other members of the Department of Dental
      Materials.
      Undoubtedly you have attended some of his postgraduate courses, many
      of which were presented in Puerto Rico, and have used Dr. Phillips' text,
      The Science of Dental Materials. You now have the opportunity to help
      your school honor Dr. Phillips by contributing to an endowed
      professorship in his honor which will help assure continuation of his
      work.
      We are hoping to raise $300,000 for IUSD to create the "Ralph W.
      Phillips Professorship in Dental Materials" and are asking for your help
      in this endeavor.
      A pledge card and envelope are enclosed for your convenience. Please
      make check payable to the Indiana University Foundation. Your tax
      deductible contribution will help honor a man who devoted a lifetime of
      service to Indiana University and to dentistry. Thank you for your
      consideration and for your donation.
      Sincerely yours,
      Marjorie L. Swartz Professor Emeritus Dental Materials
    
  

  
  
    
      November 10, 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name,
      You are probably aware of the periodontal scholarship fund at the
      dental school under my name. This is administered through the Indiana
      University Foundation.
      An award of $500.00 is given yearly to a graduate student in each
      class who excels in scholarship. The graduate program has now been
      extended to three years which entails another cash award. In addition to
      this award the fund pays for affiliate membership in the Academy as well
      as providing the Journal of Periodontology for each student. With the
      additional year of training our financial obligation has increased by a
      third.
      Payment of these awards is made from interest and dividends generated
      by the principal. As you are aware interest income and dividends have
      dropped considerably prompting this letter.
      You will find a contribution form from the IU Foundation. If you have
      or have not yet contributed to the foundation this year I am asking you
      to consider doing so. Please fill out the enclosed form indicating that
      this contribution is to be awarded to the Henry M. Swenson Periodontic
      Scholarship Fund. As with all contributions made through I U Foundation,
      your gift is tax-deductible according to federal and state laws. It will
      most certainly be appreciated by the recipients as well as the
      foundation.
      Sincerely yours ,
      Henry M. Swenson
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear IUSD Colleague:
      Indiana University and the health profession suffered a significant
      loss with the passing of Dr. Steven L. Bricker on March 21, 1994. A
      nationally recognized innovator in Oral Diagnosis and Oral Medicine,
      Steve is remembered as a gentleman whose care and concern for his
      students, friends and colleagues was warm and genuine. Dr. Bricker
      pursued excellence for his department, university and profession with
      unending determination. As Chair of Diagnostic Sciences for Indiana
      University School of Dentistry, Steve Bricker set a standard for
      excellence to which we all aspire.
      We have created a scholarship endowment which will permanently
      recognize Dr. Steven Bricker's contributions to our school and
      profession. The Bricker Scholarship will provide support for students
      engaged in graduate and post-graduate work in the diagnostic sciences at
      our dental school. This endowment is a fitting tribute to a man who made
      a difference, and will realize one of Steve's passions - supporting
      students.
      The outcry from across the country over the loss of Steve Bricker has
      been significant. People here at the school have asked for the
      opportunity to support students and recognize his good work by
      participating in the Steven L. Bricker Scholarship Endowment. You may use
      the attached form if you wish to make a gift. Your contribution, made
      through Indiana University Foundation, is tax-deductible.
      Sincerely,
      STEVEN L. BRICKER SCHOLARSHIP ENDOWMENT
      
    
  

  
  
    
      November 19, 1993
      Dear IDA Colleague:
      Since its inception in 1979, the IDA Pursuit of Excellence Fund has
      enabled the IU School of Dentistry to support and reward faculty members
      for outstanding achievement. This fund has given us, the members of the
      Indiana Dental Association, the opportunity to make a direct investment
      in the quality of dental education in our state. We are pleased to tell
      you of a very exciting development with the fund, which has reached a
      market value of $750,000.
      At the April meeting of the IDA Endowment Committee, a goal was set to
      raise funds to increase the IDA Pursuit of Excellence fund to a minimum
      of $1 million. Our intent is to establish a fully endowed chair at the
      dental school. The members of the IDA would comprise the FIRST state
      dental association in the country to complete such a commitment to its
      state dental school.
      An endowed chair will greatly benefit the IU School of Dentistry in
      recruiting and retaining outstanding faculty. Income from the chair will
      provide funds for research and publishing, graduate assistants, library
      and laboratory acquisitions. In the hands of an already successful
      scholar, the "extras" that endowments provide ensure continued success -
      for the scholar and the school.
      Fulfillment of this goal requires full participation from members of
      the Indiana Dental Association. The IU School of Dentistry, and our
      entire profession, will benefit greatly from this endowment. Please join
      your fellow colleagues and make this dream come true for your association
      by making a significant pledge to this program. Your full consideration
      of this investment in the IDA Pursuit of Excellence Fund is greatly
      appreciated.
      Sincerely,
    
  

  
  
    
      November 22, 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      These are challenging times for public institutions of higher
      education, with legislative appropriations unable to fund schools to the
      level they have in the past. The IU School of Dentistry is limited in
      these times because it is impractical to raise tuition and fees
      sufficiently to offset lost state appropriations. I hope you have read,
      in the school's Alumni Bulletin, how our dental school has taken
      aggressive steps to streamline operations and enhance academic
      opportunities while becoming more financially efficient.
      To continue to excel in its educational mission, the IU School of
      Dentistry turns to us, alumni and friends, to provide financial support
      for priority programs at the school. Under the leadership of Dean H.
      William Gilmore, the school has identified student support and
      technological infrastructure as the greatest needs in this year's annual
      fund appeal.
      Dental students are incurring more and more debt as they progress
      through school. The School of Dentistry has limited ability to provide
      scholarship money to deserving students who otherwise might choose
      another career option because of educational expense. Private support is
      needed to offset this problem.
      Additionally, there is a tremendous need to upgrade the technological
      infrastructure of the school. Our faculty and students need support to be
      able to keep up with rapid advancements in oral health care and the use
      of technology for many procedures. We can help the school achieve this
      goal with donations to the 1993 Annual Fund.
      Your support as a member of the Century Club has been very meaningful.
      I hope that you will take this opportunity to renew your gift or even
      consider joining the Century II Fellows, which recognizes donors of $500
      annually to the IU School of Dentistry. Information is enclosed
      highlighting the various giving levels. Thank you for your ongoing
      support of our great school!
      Sincerely,
    
  

  
  
    
      May,1994
      Dear Alumnus:
      When I last wrote to you about the Ralph E. McDonald/Pedodontic Fund,
      it was with the news that expenditures were greater than contributions
      for 1992. Many of you responded in a positive manner by increasing your
      contribution or contributing to the fund for the first time. Thanks to
      your efforts, the account was again in the black for 1993!
      The account description written in 1971 for the Ralph E.
      McDonald/Pedodontic Fund states "Expenditures of the fund shall be
      approved by the fund committee of six. All expenditures should be
      restricted to the Pedodontic area." This fund committee is still in place
      and I have served as Chairman of the fund since I was elected to that
      position by the committee in the late 1970's.
      The Pediatric Dentistry Clinic at the School is scheduled to be
      relocated later this year. The new clinic will be in the old grad pedo
      area across the hall from the Orthodontic Clinic in the south wing of the
      School. The staff and faculty are looking forward to using a clinic that
      will be equipped with the newest dental units and systems available. The
      money to pay for the renovation and major equipment will be taken from
      non-departmental funds and hopefully recovered with increased clinic
      revenues over the next few years. However, I am sure there will be other
      items that will be needed in the new facility to enhance the educational
      experience of students, including graduate students.
      I want to encourage you to continue to support your alma mater with
      contributions to the McDonald Fund and to increase your contribution, if
      possible. Please use the enclosed, coded card and envelope, which will
      insure that your contribution is deposited directly to our account. This
      Fund provides Indiana's pedo program with enrichment opportunities that
      are equaled by few, if any, other programs in the country. We are most
      sincerely grateful for your generosity.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      August 4, 1993
      Dear Classmates of 1943:
      The time of our 50th reunion is rapidly approaching - we'll be
      celebrating that event in Bloomington September 16 - 18. By now, you
      should have received registration materials for the Fall Alumni Dental
      Conference. If you have not, please call the IU Alumni Association
      (317-274-8828) right away.
      Our class, along with 9 other reunion classes, has been challenged to
      support a program which will directly benefit IUSD students. Remember the
      student lounge which we enjoyed so much - where we played euchre with
      some of our teachers. Healy, Boyd, Buck, Humphries, Boesinger and others
      - where some ate their lunches and ... some even studied?
      Well, the student lounge today is much larger and in a different
      location, and it badly needs upgrading so that it can be a more
      comfortable place for students to break the tension of their heavy
      academic load (much heavier than what we experienced).
      Together, I think we can make a contribution to that upgrading of the
      lounge which will be very meaningful for the students. I have sent a
      check for $100 and hope that you will consider a like gift or more.
      By the way, it must have been 20 years ago or more when I was a member
      of the faculty that the dean told me they were going to refurnish our old
      student lounge and asked if I would like to have one of the old octagon
      shaped oak tables. They were pretty beat up and the tops well covered
      with carvings of teeth, initials, etc. He said that I might "midnite
      requisition" one. Well, I did and sometime later removed it to my cottage
      in Canada and used decopor (a thick, clear glazed resin) on the top. I
      think it is preserved forever. Anyway, I treasure that table. Someone
      carved (expertly) "43" on it. A well carved "C. F. Pope" appears on it as
      does "Bob Bergman '43". Also carved on the top are the Greek letters of
      all three fraternities. It's obvious from the beautiful carvings of teeth
      on the surface that we had a good instruction in dental anatomy.
      Someone made it possible for us to have the benefit of that lounge
      which I'm sure you can all still picture in your minds. By contributing
      to the upgrading of today's student lounge, we have the opportunity to,
      in a small way, provide a part of the memories of IU that will last a
      lifetime. You may recall from my earlier letter regarding our 50th
      reunion that a room in the Union Building has been reserved for our use
      following the banquet on Friday. A bartender will be available and we
      will have a chance to enjoy reminiscing the equivalent of our four
      academic years together and the happenings during the time that has
      transpired since our graduation 50 years ago.
      Hope you will be present.
    
  

  
  
    
      August 13, 1993
      Dear Classmates:
      I am happy to report that we have reached our 50 person minimum and
      the Class of '58 will be celebrating, as planned, at the Holiday Inn on
      Saturday, September 18 at 6:30. I am still accepting reservations 'till
      September 3rd. If you have not received the registration materials for
      the Fall Dental Alumni Conference, please call the IU Alumni Association
      (317-274-8828} as soon as possible.
      Our class has been challenged to support a program which will directly
      benefit the students at the IU School of Dentistry. Funds are needed to
      upgrade the student lounge so that it can be a more comfortable place for
      students to break the tension of their heavy academic load. According to
      fourth-year student David Schmidt, who serves as president of the
      Students Affairs council, the upgraded lounge is a priority for the
      students.
      Nine other classes will be participating in this effort, as well.
      Together, I believe that we can make a contribution which will be very
      meaningful for the students at the school. To make it interesting, a
      little competition has been proposed --the class which contributes the
      most money and the class with the highest participation will be
      honored.
      Contributing members of the winning class will receive an added bonus
      of a tuition-waived registration to a non-restricted C.E. course at the
      dental school during the 1993-94 academic year. (The average tuition for
      a one-day C.E. course is about $125.)
      I do look forward to seeing you in Bloomington in September. I am
      hopeful that our class will be well represented both in attendance and in
      participation in the class gift program. Best regards!
      Sincerely,
      DDS Enclosure
      P.S. Enclosed is a pledge card and return envelope to assist you in
      making your tax deductible contribution. Make your check payable to IU
      Foundation. Thanks!
    
  

  
  
    
      August 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      Everyone at the IU School of Dentistry is excited about the upcoming
      Fall Dental Alumni Conference to be held in Bloomington on September
      16-18. By now, you should have received registration materials for the
      conference, and we are hopeful that you can attend. If you have not
      received the mailing, please call the IU Alumni Association
      (317-274-8828) as soon as possible.
      At this time of your 45th reunion of graduation from dental school, I
      would like to tell you about an opportunity to support the students at
      the IU School of Dentistry. Funds are needed to upgrade the student
      lounge so that it can be a more comfortable place for students to break
      the tension of their heavy academic load. The upgraded lounge is a
      priority program for the students.
      Ten other reunion classes will be participating in this effort.
      Together, we believe that our reunion classes can make a contribution
      which will be very meaningful for the students at the school. To make it
      interesting, a little competition has been proposed --the class with the
      highest participation rate and the class with the highest dollar total
      will be honored.
      I do look forward to seeing you in Bloomington in September. I am
      hopeful that the Class of 1948 will be well represented both in
      attendance and in participation in the class gift program. Best
      regards!
      Sincerely,
      Barry F. Smith Director
      P.S. Enclosed is a pledge card and return envelope to assist you in
      making your tax deductible contribution. Make your check payable to IU
      Foundation. Thanks!
    
  

  
  
    
      October 22, 1993
      Dear Colleague:
      This year, 1993, marks the ten-year anniversary of the A. Rebekah Fisk
      Memorial Scholarship. During this time 34 students have been selected by
      the dental hygiene faculty to receive scholarship awards. I would like to
      personally thank the alumni and friends of the dental hygiene program who
      have made past contributions and hope you will continue with your
      support. In addition, I would encourage other alumni and friends to
      consider providing their support for this scholarship fund.
      Dental hygiene students at Indiana University are incurring more and
      more debt as they progress through school. The School of Dentistry has
      limited ability to provide scholarship money to deserving students who
      otherwise might choose another career option because of educational
      expense.
      The A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship enables the dental hygiene
      program to provide financial assistance to students so that they can
      concentrate on their education while in school. Last year, we were able
      to award six $500 scholarships to students in our dental hygiene program.
      These scholarships were made possible through contributions from alumni
      and friends of the program.
      The A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship fund is a priority for the
      dental hygiene program. I hope that you will help us to help students by
      making a tax deductible gift this year. All contributions are very
      important, and with your support, we can really make a difference.
      Sincerely,
      Director
      P.S. Please make your check payable to IU Foundation and use the
      enclosed postage-paid envelope to make your contribution. Thank you!
    
  

  
  
    
      May 12, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      An another academic year comes to an end, I am pleased to report that
      your IU School of Dentistry is continuing its leadership role in
      advancing dental education. Our faculty, students and staff are reviewing
      all aspects of the school -curriculum, competencies, financial
      management, just to name a few - to make sure that we remain at the
      forefront of dental education. Indeed, our entire second floor is being
      renovated this summer so that our physical facility can accommodate the
      changing needs of our school.
      Private donations to the IU School of Dentistry play an essential role
      enabling us to continue as one of the top dental schools in the country.
      There are several critical areas which cannot be funded by the citizens
      of the State of Indiana, and without these programs our school cannot
      completely fulfill its mission. Student scholarships, special faculty
      research, and advancements in technology need to be funded with
      contributions from alumni and friends of the school.
      Your contributions to the school in the past have been very important
      to us, and I sincerely hope that you will make a financial investment in
      the IU School of Dentistry this year. I have enclosed a brochure which
      explains more about our needs. These are challenging times for dental
      schools across the country, and I firmly believe our ability to remain in
      a leadership position will be enhanced with your support. Please consider
      this request carefully --it is very important to us, the future of dental
      care in Indiana and your private practice.
      Sincerely,
      H. William Gilmore, DDS Dean
    
  

  
  
    
      June 10, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      As you know, we are in the process of building an endowment fund in
      graduate periodontics at Indiana University which will honor Dr. Timothy
      J. O'Leary, a man whose leadership played a significant role in our
      school and profession. The Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment
      Fund will greatly benefit our faculty and students by providing funding
      to support teaching and research in our graduate periodontics program.
      Your support of this endowment has been greatly appreciated.
      I am pleased to report to you that we have raised $87,000 toward our
      initial goal, which is to reach $l00,000 by 1995. In a time when higher
      education, and graduate programs in particular, are suffering from a lack
      of funding, we are positioning ourselves to remain in a leadership
      position with outstanding faculty, students, and private support from
      alumni and friends of the program.
      As we approach our goal, a graduate of our .program has offered to
      match all new gifts (dollar for dollar) until we reach the $l00,000 mark.
      To help us take advantage of this generous offer, I'd like to ask you to
      consider an additional contribution to the Dr. Timothy J. O'Leary
      Periodontal Endowment Fund. This fund is extremely important to us and
      your ongoing participation will be greatly appreciated. You have helped
      us get to this point, and I hope that you'll extend your support. All
      contributions are tax-deductible. I thank you for your consideration of
      this request - it will really make a difference!
      Sincerely,
    
  

  
  
    
      April 6, 1990
      Dear Member:
      In writing our invitations for this years century Club reception we
      noticed that you did not renew your membership for 1989. We hope that you
      will reconsider and join us for our Century Club reception on Thursday,
      May 3 (6-7:30 p.m.) at the Hyatt Regency during the Indiana Dental
      Association meeting. Our attendance has grown over the years and,
      frankly, we just feel it wouldn't be a successful party without you! If
      for some reason you are unable to renew your membership, we still would
      like to thank you for your past support and hope that you will again
      join.
      Again, thanks for your support. Your contribution helped make it
      possible for us to provide our students a quality education. If there is
      any way I can be of assistance, just let me know.
      Sincerely,
      Danny R. Dean Director of Development
      DRD/jes
      P.S. There's still time to be listed in the ALUMNI BULLETIN and for us
      to send you an invitation to the Century Club reception on May 3rd. I
      hope to see you there!
    
  

  
  
    
      SCHOOL OF DENTISTRY
      June 18, 1990
      Dear Colleague:
      Several School of Dentistry faculty and staff members have recently
      asked how they can become members of the Century Club. The Club is made
      up of alumni, faculty, staff and friends who support the school with
      annual gifts of $100 or more. I believe many of the questions are being
      asked because the Campaign for Indiana (IU's major fundraising effort
      that started in 1985) is ending and many who supported IUSD through the
      campaign are wondering how they can continue their support.
      Payroll deduction is perhaps the easiest way to make a contribution.
      For example, with a $5 biweekly or $10 monthly contributon, a person can
      be a Century Club member. And if a person decides to be a contributor,
      the best time to begin is the month prior to salary increases. This
      allows donors to adjust their budget without losing any money they are
      already receiving. I guess I encourage this method because I've always
      made my contributions this way, it's a "painless" method and at tax time
      I enjoy the deduction.
      In 1989 we had 726 Century I and Century II members; we would like to
      have 1,000 members by the end of 1990. If you would like to help us reach
      our goal, we have enclosed a pledge card for your convenience. Please
      return it to "Joyce Stafford or me (Development Office, Room 202) so that
      we can personally thank you for your support. You will also receive a
      letter from Dean Gilmore expressing his appreciation.
      Over the past few years we've been able to make many improvements that
      would not have been possible without the generosity and backing of the
      Century Club. Support from the Century Club helps us continue to provide
      a progressive learning and working environment for our students, faculty
      and staff. I thank all of you who are already supporting IUSD, and I look
      forward to welcoming many of our colleagues as new century Club
      members.
      If you have any questions, please feel free to stop by and see me.
      Sincerely,
      Danny R. Dean Director of Development
    
  

  
  
    
      SCHOOL OF DENTISTRY
      July 12, 1990
      Dear Dental Hygiene Colleague:
      In the fall of 1987 I was fortunate to be named one of the recipients
      of an A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial Scholarship. If you are one of the many
      individuals who have supported this scholarship in the past, I want to
      thank you for your help.
      As a 1989 graduate of the Indiana University School of Dentistry
      Dental Hygiene Program, I believe I have received the best professional
      education available. During the year I have been in private practice, I
      have found myself drawing on all aspects of my education.
      The scholarship, named in honor of the school's first director of
      dental hygiene was established in 1982. Since that time, the financial
      burden of a college education has been lessened for many deserving
      students. However, current and future dental hygiene students need our
      ongoing assistance. Each of us can help replenish the Fisk Scholarship
      fund by making a tax-deductible contribution of $25 or more (check made
      payable to Indiana University Foundation).
      Thank you for considering this request. Your generous contribution
      would greatly benefit many of our future colleagues as they pursue the
      same high quality professional training that we received at IU.
      Sincerely,
      Dental Hygiene Alumna
    
  

  
  
    
      November 9, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      As you may already be aware of by reading the IUSD Newsletter, your
      fellow classmate and friend, Dr. Harvey G. Levinson passed away in 1986.
      In that same year, his family, friends and colleagues established a
      memorial scholarship at Indiana University School of Dentistry.
      The award is given annually to the student who has completed six
      semesters, has the highest scholastic average, and a financial need. The
      first scholarship was awarded in 1987.
      We believe that this scholarship honors Dr. Levinson's memory,
      benefits worthy students and serves the school of dentistry.
      This letter is to ask for your support in remembering your fellow
      classmate. We would be most grateful for your gift to the Harvey Levinson
      Memorial Scholarship Fund.
      Sincerely,
      Steven N. Levinson
      P.S. Please make your check payable to the Indiana University
      Foundation for the Levinson Memorial Scholarship Fund and return it in
      the enclosed envelope.
    
  

  
  
    
      November 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      I hope that the plans you made as a dental student for a career in
      dentistry are developing to your satisfaction and that you are well on
      your way to achieving your professional goals. If any of us at the dental
      school can be of assistance, please write or call. I already miss my
      informal discussions with members of the Class of '90. Along with the
      faculty, I always found your class to be one of the most personable that
      has graduated from IUSD. Your opinions were valued and many improvements
      were made by having information about our school systems.
      As you know, major changes in dental education are under way
      throughout the country. Like all other dental schools, Indiana University
      School of Dentistry is carefully re-evaluating its programs and planning
      ways to better serve the dental community. Your comments and suggestions
      as alumni are valuable.
      Perhaps while you were in school you heard of our CENTURY CLUB which
      honors those graduates who give at least $100 in a calendar year to any
      of the School's programs. Support at this level could assist the dental
      school in a variety of ways. Now that you are of alumni status, I would
      like to extend an invitation to you to join our CENTURY CLUB.
      Alumni gifts have always played a major role in the dental school
      programs. Students from classes ten, twenty and thirty years ago received
      an education that was rounded out by alumni contributions. An alumnus who
      gives today is helping to assure a quality education for students of
      today and tomorrow.
      We would be delighted to welcome you as a new member of the CENTURY
      CLUB.
      Sincerely yours,
      H. William Gilmore, D.D.S. Dean
      P.S. The CENTURY CLUB member reception is May 2 during the annual
      meeting of the Indiana Dental Association. We look forward to seeing you
      there as a new CENTURY CLUB member!
    
  

  
  
    
      November 8, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      We are pleased to report that another successful alumni meeting was
      held in Dallas and all of our Indiana colleagues in attendance were on
      their best behavior (although we did have the name of a good bail
      bondsman just in case).
      At the dinner on Wednesday evening a special project was announced to
      our group that, if you were unable to attend, I believe you will find
      exciting.
      The alumni and friends of the graduate periodontics program at Indiana
      University School of Dentistry are establishing an endowment fund. The
      fund will be named The Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund in
      honor of the former Chairman of the Department. Dr. O'Leary and Indiana
      University School of Dentistry have benefited all of us and this is a way
      we can show our appreciation in a tangible way. The purpose of the Fund
      will be to help Indiana University to continue to excel in teaching and
      research in graduate periodontics.
      As of the Dallas meeting, we now have over $40,000.00 pledged toward
      our goal of $100,000.00 The goal will be obtained before the fund can
      begin to make disbursements. Interest from early donations will be used
      to build the principal.
      If a major contribution is not possible at this time, a five year
      pledge is acceptable. We are asking all graduates for a gift of $1000.00
      per year for five years. Of course, any gift will be appreciated. Based
      on each individual tax situation, your gift may be tax deductible. Let's
      get 100% participation from our graduates.
      We hope that you will consider supporting this special project and
      help us honor a man that has given us all so much.
      When we were in Dallas we talked about the good and, of course bad
      times we had at IUSD. But we all agreed on how lucky we were to have
      received the education that has provided us with the successful life we
      enjoy today.
      Sincerely,
      Dennis Nishimine, D.D.S., M.S.D.
      P.S. We are also organizing an IU Periodontal Alumni Association that
      we discussed in Dallas. A report of the discussion will be sent to all
      alumni who were unable to attend.
    
  

  
  
    
      November 15, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      Dentistry has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember. My
      sister is a practicing hygienist, my brother a certified dental
      technician and my father has been both a general practitioner and dental
      educator. It was all of those positive influences that I have to thank
      for opening my eyes to dentistry as a profession.
      Being a third-year student--and having just escaped crown and bridge
      lab and the rest of the second year in one (exhausted) piece--I have just
      now begun to put two years of learning into daily clinical practice. It
      has become obvious to me already how crucial the latest techniques and
      materials are to all fields of dentistry.
      Not only are the latest and best techniques important to delivering
      quality dental care, they also help to preserve the traditional quality
      of dental education offered by IU. Unfortunately these improvements are
      costly, so additional funds are necessary.
      I'm sure that stepping into private practice for the first time will
      be intimidating enough; but doing so without the best training possible
      would be twice as stressful. That is why it is essential to the students
      at IUSD that you continue your annual gift of $500 or more as a Century
      II Fellow. Support at this level is assisting the dental school in a
      variety of ways. We look forward to your renewal as a Century II
      Fellow.
      On behalf of all IUSD students, I would like to personally thank you
      for your past support of dental education. As I have learned from the
      three members of my family who have already earned degrees from the
      School of Dentistry, the quality of my education will have a direct
      bearing on my professional life for years to come. Thank you for helping
      make my education in dentistry an excellent one.
      Sincerely,
      Steven Schimmele Vice President, Class of 1992
      P.S. Please send any survival tips for third and fourth year dental
      students to me, in care of IUSD!
    
  

  
  
    
      May 9, 1991
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      As of this date, we have received commitments for approximately forty
      percent of our goal to the Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund.
      We greatly appreciate those who have been able to contribute or pledge a
      gift for the next five years.
      I know we are all grateful for the benefits received from our
      education. The Endowment Fund is a way we can show our appreciation and
      support; and at the same time, make sure future colleagues receive the
      same benefits. I do hope this is a convenient time for you to make a gift
      or commit to a five year pledge. If we obtain our goal soon, the fund can
      begin to be used for excellence in teaching and research.
      I will continue to keep you informed of the progress on this project;
      and if there are any other individuals you would like me to contact, I
      will be happy to do so.
      Once again, should you have any questions in regard to the Timothy J.
      O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund, please feel free to contact me.
      Sincerely,
      Dennis Nishimine, D.D.S., M.S.D.
      P.S. I have enclosed a pledge card and envelope to assist you in
      making your gift. Please make checks payable to IU Foundation for the
      Timothy J. O'Leary Periodontal Endowment Fund. Thank you.
    
  

  
  
    
      May 28, 1991
      Dear Classmate:
      I know most of you will find it hard to believe, but we are about to
      celebrate our 35th Anniversary. I am just amazed when I see one of you at
      a dental meeting; you just don't look like you have been in practice that
      long!
      But time is marching on and I know all of you will want to make plans
      to attend the 1991 IU Fall Dental Conference. We had a great time five
      years ago in Bloomington; but due to the remodeling of the Union Building
      on the Bloomington Campus, the conference this year is being held in
      Indianapolis. You will soon receive information from the Alumni
      Association with the details.
      This year our class is being challenged by the other reunion classes
      to raise funds. The goal is to equip ten new operatories at the dental
      school. The deadline for donations from each class will be July 31. There
      will be winners in two categories (1) the Class that contributes the most
      money, and (2) the Class that has the greatest percent of class member
      participation. A gold plate will be placed in each operatory to honor the
      reunion classes.
      Contributing members of the winning classes will receive an added
      bonus, of a tuition waived registration to a nonrestricted CE Course, at
      the dental school during the 1991-92 academic year. This is a great
      opportunity for the Class of 1956 to show who is really number one!
      Best regards,
      Hall, D.D.S.
      P.S. Enclosed is a pledge card and return envelope to assist in making
      your tax deductible contribution for the Class of 56.
    
  

  
  
    
      June 4, 1991
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      We have something common in addition to being orthodontists who
      graduated from the I.U. orthodontic department. If you recall, when we
      were in the grad program and making much less money than we now pay in
      taxes, we were awarded a Prentice Scholarship. Fifteen years ago, when I
      received a Prentice check for $1000.00, it was like winning the lottery.
      Of course, at that time my rent was $50.00 a month.
      Dr. Wilson Prentice received his D.D.S. in 1939 and lives in
      Jeffersonville, IN. His generous contribution to dentistry in 1971 has
      helped twenty-five orthodontic students so far to meet educational
      expenses; and more students will receive scholarships this year.
      I hope you will join me in thanking Dr. Prentice for his generosity
      and to help build the fund that once assisted us. Maybe you have already
      done so, but if not, please give it some consideration.
      An envelope and pledge card is enclosed to assist you in supporting
      the Prentice Scholarship Fund and our future colleagues.
      Sincerely yours,
      Kenneth R. Hyde, D.D.S.
      KRH/jes
      P.S. If you would like to write Dr. Prentice, I'm sure he would be
      happy to hear from you. His address is 1535 Nole Drive, Jeffersonville,
      IN 47130.
    
  

  
  
    
      March 20, 1992
      Dear IDDS Members:
      Very few dentists will deny that Indiana is lacking in qualified,
      well-trained dental assistants. Indiana University School of Dentistry's
      program for Dental Assisting is one of the most outstanding in the state.
      Yet a few years ago, it almost closed its doors due to a lack of
      applicants. In the same period, programs like PCI and Aristotle have had
      no problems filling their classrooms.
      A recent survey of dental assistants showed many of them would have
      chosen I.U.'s program if they had known it existed! Unfortunately, I.U.'s
      Dental Assisting program is not listed in the Yellow Pages due to a lack
      of funds. I.U.'s program is also less expensive than competing programs.
      Who knows how many people dropped their interest in Dental Assisting when
      they heard the tuition costs at other schools? Hopefully, all of us can
      do more "internal marketing" with our young patients to encourage them to
      consider the field of Dental Assisting.
      We can also offer scholarships to young people interested in attending
      I.U.'s program. Don't overlook your patients as potential students.
      Lastly, Mr. Danny Dean can be contacted about establishing a special
      endowment fund to help the Dental Assisting Program conduct more public
      relations and advertising and hopefully even list its phone number in the
      Yellow Pages. Checks should be made out to Indiana University Foundation
      and sent directly to the Development Office at IUSD, 1121 West Michigan
      Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46202, Attention: Danny Dean. A pledge card
      and return envelope are enclosed.
      Each of us needs to be ambassadors for Dentistry within our own
      practices, and at church, athletic and social events. Let's do our best
      to keep I.U. 's programs fully enrolled and funded. Let's head off an
      auxiliary crisis before it happens! Remember all donations are tax
      deductible.
      Sincerely yours,
      Virginia W. Crose, D.D.S. Consultant to I.U.S.D. Dental Assisting
      Advisory Committee
    
  

  
  
    
      February 24, 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Ms. Name:
      The IU School of Dentistry greatly values the support of alumni and
      friends of the School. Your membership in our Century Club has been very
      important for the School. I noticed that we did not receive your Century
      Club contribution in 1992, and hope that you will renew your gift.
      The IU School of Dentistry is committed to remaining the recognized
      leader in scholarly research, teaching and service. Your investment
      enables us to maintain our margin of excellence.
      Thank you for your support. Your contribution helped make it possible
      for us to provide our students with a quality education.
      Sincerely, Barry F. Smith Director of Development
      P.S. We will host a reception for Century Club members during the
      Indiana Dental Association meeting in Indianapolis. The reception is
      scheduled for Thursday, April 29, (6:00-7:30 p.m.) at the Hyatt Regency.
      We hope that you will renew your gift and join us for the reception.
    
  

  
  
    
      SCHOOL OF DENTISTRY
      July 10, 1992
      Dear Dental Hygiene Colleague:
      While awaiting my licensure to practice dental hygiene, I have had the
      opportunity to look back upon my education at Indiana University School
      of Dentistry. In the fall of 1990, I was an A. Rebekah Fisk Memorial
      Scholarship recipient. This financial assistance enabled me to
      concentrate on my education and achieve many goals while in school.
      Thanks to colleagues like you who support the Fisk Memorial Scholarship
      many other dental hygiene students will benefit from your generosity and
      reach their goal.
      Dental hygiene is proving to be an exciting and rewarding career, both
      in private practice and community settings. The Student American Dental
      Hygienist's Association "Hearty Smiles" project at Riley Hospital has
      been successful and rewarding to the children as well as the hygiene
      students. Projects such as this touch the lives of others and enhance the
      education of the students. Your support enables the students to apply
      their knowledge and participate in the community.
      Thank you in advance for your contribution and interest in dental
      hygiene education. An envelope and giving card are enclosed (with checks
      payable to Indiana University Foundation).
      Sincerely,
      Tommi L. Davis Dental Hygiene Alumna
    
  

  
  
    
      INDIANA UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF DENTISTRY SPONSORED LIMESTONE BENCHES
      A VERY SPECIAL PROJECT FOR STUDENTS
      We are delighted that our reunion classes are sponsoring this effort
      to upgrade the student lounge. There are very few places for our students
      to sit while waiting for classes to start, doing last-minute review of
      notes before exams, or just taking a break for casual conversation with
      classmates.
      To remedy this situation we would like to place permanent limestone
      benches on the outdoor patio attached to the lounge. Most of the year,
      this patio is filled with students sitting on inadequate seating. These
      substantial limestone benches will provide our students with a good place
      to sit while taking a break from their hectic schedules.
      An Invitation to Sponsor a Bench
      We invite you to sponsor a bench. Your name or other inscription of
      your choice will be engraved on a plaque and. prominently displayed with
      the bench. Bench sponsorships are available for a gift of $2500 or more
      to the School of Dentistry Class Reunion Challenge. All proceeds of this
      project will be used to pay for the benches and additional upgrades for
      the student lounge.
      Contributions qualify for tax deductions under state and Federal
      guidelines. If you would like to sponsor a bench, please fill out the
      form below and return it with your check and pledge card in the enclosed,
      postage paid envelope. Barry smith, IUSD Director of Development, will
      contact you regarding the bench when your form is received.
      If you would like to discuss the bench sponsorship, please call Barry
      at (317) 274-3246.
      *****
      IN ADDITION TO BENCH SPONSORSHIPS, THE NAMES OF ALL DONORS OF $1000 OR
      MORE TO THE STUDENT LOUNGE PROJECT WILL BE ENGRAVED ON AN ATTRACTIVE
      PLAQUE TO BE PROMINENTLY DISPLAYED IN THE LOUNGE.
      *****
      
    
  

  
  
    
      August 1993
      Dear Doctor:
      Indiana University School of Dentistry and People's Health Center are
      pleased to announce a program that will positively affect the oral health
      care needs of the underserved while providing a significant educational
      opportunity for future dental practitioners. This collaborative effort,
      which is scheduled to begin in August 1993, will place well- trained
      dental students, under the supervision of IU faculty members, in the
      clinic at People's Health Center to provide care to the homeless. (The
      Center's Homeless Initiative Program is a section 340 Health Care for
      Homeless grantee and provides comprehensive primary health care to
      homeless men, women and children in Marion County. The primary service
      area is Center Township.)
      The oral health care needs of homeless people are overwhelming. Dental
      distress is widespread in a population whose inability to seek care is
      compounded by fear and a lack of resources, transportation, and providers
      from which to receive care. Poor oral conditions greatly impact the
      overall health of homeless persons as well as their ability to survive
      the streets. Dental problems can even interfere with opportunities for
      employment.
      Public health dentistry is an essential component of a well-rounded
      dental education. Early introduction to this topic in a student's career
      helps produce an informed and caring practitioner who has a strong sense
      of community service and the needs of underserved populations. This
      educational experience brings to light what an integral role the dental
      component plays in an individual's overall health.
      In addition to the dental instruction provided students will be
      introduced to the objectives of community health centers, with particular
      emphasis on the work of People's Health Center. Students will provide
      dental health education for homeless patients as well.
      Significant costs of this exciting collaboration will be absorbed by
      the IU School of Dentistry and People's Health Center. However, over
      $10,000 in dental instruments, equipment, and supplies is needed to make
      the program successful. Funding is being requested from foundations,
      individuals, and others interested in serving health care needs of
      homeless and other underserved populations. We are pleased to note that
      Hu-Friedy, L.D. Caulk, and Star Dental have each agreed to contribute to
      this worthy cause. We are hopeful that you will agree to help, also. This
      program will see many positive outcomes with your investment.
      Thank you for your consideration of this request. You can help make
      this valuable program available to many persons who are not currently
      benefiting from dental care.
      Sincerely,
      H. William Gilmore, DDS Jennifer R. Kugar, DDS Dean of Dentistry
      Dental Director, People's Health Center
      P.S. Please use the enclosed reply card and the postage-paid envelope
      to make your contribution. Make checks payable to Indiana University
      Foundation. All contributions are tax-deductible.
    
  

  
  
    
      February 17, 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      As Associate Dean for Minority Student Services, I would like to
      introduce a new scholarship program designed to help Afro-American
      Students pursue studies in dentistry at IU.
      I have talked with, and attempted to recruit, many Afro-Americans for
      the doctoral program at the School of Dentistry. Indiana University
      competes with 54 other dental schools throughout the country for the very
      brightest and most highly qualified candidates. Some minority candidates
      have declined our invitation to enroll at IU because other schools have
      been able to offer scholarships, stipends, or other means of financial
      assistance. Recently we lost two outstanding candidates to universities
      which offered $5,000 scholarships to cover their supplies and
      equipment.
      To boost IU's enrollment of Afro-American dental students, I have made
      a commitment to donate $1,000 annually toward the establishment of a
      Minority Student Scholarship program. Our goal is to award scholarships
      in the amount of $5,000 to first-year minority dental students to pay for
      supplies and equipment required in the first academic year.
      I am excited about this new program and invite you to join me in
      building a strong foundation for the project. Your gift will help us
      reach our immediate goal of awarding at least one scholarship to a
      student for the fall semester of 1993, and our long-term goal of awarding
      several $5,000 scholarships each year.
      Thank you for considering our request for your contribution to the
      scholarship fund. I'd be happy to answer any questions you may have about
      this program--please call me at 317/274-5625.
      Sincerely yours,
      LaForrest D. Garner, DDS, MSD
      P.S. Checks should be made payable to IU Foundation. An envelope and
      giving card are enclosed for your convenience.
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Tom:
      From its inception in 1972, the School of Public and Environmental
      Affairs(SPEA) has been guided by a broad vision of developing a
      world-class multidisciplinary public affairs school, one that encompasses
      public management and public policy as well as environmental science and
      policy.
      That vision has become a reality. One recent evaluator ranked SPEA as
      the third best public affairs program in the United States. SPEA has an
      impressive and dedicated faculty that includes inspiring teachers and
      distinguished scholars who are contributing to the solutions of some of
      our most difficult public policy and public management problems,
      including those concerning health, the environment, and criminal justice;
      it is attracting a diverse, capable group of students; and its graduates
      are making contributions in a wide range of challenging positions in the
      public, private, and non-profit sectors. SPEA's enviable reputation
      benefits everyone connected to the school -students, faculty, and most
      importantly, alumni.
      As a member of the SPEA alumni network and a supporter of SPEA's
      annual fund, your gift today will help SPEA continue to provide the very
      best education possible for its students and to help recruit new students
      who will be able to widen their horizons just as you did during your
      years here. Your gift in 1989 made possible: student support and
      fellowships, seminars and colloquiums, and faculty research
      fellowships.
      You believed enough to invest in yourself then; now you can renew your
      investment in the school that made so many of those beliefs possible.
      Sincerely yours,
      A. James Barnes, Dean
    
  

  
  
    
      December 6, 1991
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Students in the School of Public and Environmental Affairs --now, as
      much as 20 years ago --bring a rich diversity of backgrounds and
      interests to the school. Interacting with our faculty and their fellow,
      students, they develop skills and perspectives that will help them meet
      the complex challenges that face our society in the coming years.
      Despite our efforts at innovation and efficiency, however, the cost of
      providing a quality educational experience continues to rise. Because of
      the financial generosity of alumni and friends, SPEA is able to enliven
      and enrich the student experience by allowing us to provide extra support
      that is not available from state and university funds. This support helps
      in a number of areas on all of our campuses:
      -Student support through scholarships and assistantships; -Classroom
      activities such as field trips; -Colloquiums with guest speakers from
      around the world.
      Your generosity over the past four years has provided an extra bonus
      to the SPEA program. Your renewed gift to the School will enable us to
      sustain our reputation of excellence, to prepare our students for
      successful, satisfying careers, and at the same time, to enhance the
      value to you of your Indiana University degree.
      We very much appreciate your assistance.
      Sincerely yours,
      A. James Barnes Dean
    
  

  
  
    
      November 17, 1992
      Dear MHA Alumnus:
      My purpose in writing to you is twofold. First, to inform you of some
      recent activities of the SPEA MHA Alumni Association and second, to ask
      for your commitment, both financial and participatory. Last spring, we
      surveyed the MHA alumni to find out what types of programs we would value
      and thus, would like the Alumni Association to be involved in. You will
      find attached this survey plus our directional statement (goals) for 1993
      that is a direct result of the survey.
      To help accomplish these goals we need your support. As you are aware,
      the MHA program is in the School of Public and Environmental Affairs.
      This has proven to be very beneficial over the years because of the
      faculty support and attention that our program has received.
      Consequently, the MHA Alumni Association has become the strongest alumni
      group in the SPEA family.
      We need your participation in our activities and your financial
      support to help make our goals happen. Alumni gifts will be used for
      student programs and to help support the MHA Alumni Program goals. Please
      consider making a gift by returning the enclosed contribution card.
      With grateful appreciation of your support,
      Mark E. Moore Chairman, MHA Alumni Association Administrator,
      Community Hospital North
    
  

  
  
    
      November 16, 1992
      Dear SPEA Alum:
      In the 20 years since the School of Public and Environmental Affairs
      was formed, it has been guided by a vision of developing a world-class
      public affairs school that encompasses public management and policy as
      well as environmental science and policy.
      At the heart of SPEA, the Master of Public Affairs program has held a
      successful reputation compared to other programs in the nation. An
      integral part of that reputation has been the professional success of our
      alumni. As alumni of the MPA program at IUPUI, you are ambassadors for
      the school and represent the program to your colleagues and associates
      wherever you may work and live - outside of Indiana or here in the center
      of state politics in Indiana.
      SPEA and the City of Indianapolis have a unique partnership. We share
      many of the same resources. Our faculty are involved in the community,
      working with city officials, conducting research, and providing the
      community with expertise and service.
      SPEA also shares the expertise of our alumni with Indianapolis and
      other communities throughout Indiana. The professional success you have
      achieved reflects well on the school and keeps the MPA program at the top
      of public affairs programs across the nation.
      Let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at SPEA:
      -A 25% increase in credit hours for fall, 1992;
      -The new Nonprofit Management Concentration in the MPA program, a
      joint venture with the IU Center on Philanthropy;
      -The new Masters in Planning degree;
      -The new Center for Urban Policy and the Environment funded by a $8.6
      million grant from Lilly Endowment Inc.
      We look toward a bright and distinguished future. Stay a part of it by
      making a gift to SPEA and sending the enclosed contribution reply card.
      Alumni gifts are used for student programs at SPEA. The most important
      program is student research assistantships, an area not provided for
      under current levels of state funding.
      With grateful appreciation of your support,
      Mark s. Rosentraub Associate Dean of SPEA at Indianapolis
    
  

  
  
    
      December 1, 1992
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      This year SPEA celebrates its 2Oth anniversary. As the first program
      to encompass public management and policy as well as environmental
      science and policy, SPEA is now established as one of the leading schools
      of public and environmental affairs in the country.
      From our first students in the fall of 1972 through those who
      graduated in May, 1992, we now have over 9,800 alumni. To a great extent
      this extraordinary growth was made possible by the generosity of our
      alumni and friends and their commitment to making SPEA the successful
      program it is today. You are one of those who has made the difference and
      we thank you for your past support.
      Let me share with you some recent exciting achievements at SPEA:
      -The new Center for Urban Policy and the Environment in Indianapolis
      supported by a major grant from the Lilly Endowment;
      -Significant enrollment increases on the Bloomington and Indianapolis
      campuses as student interest rises in several SPEA programs
      --environment, health service management and policy, and criminal
      justice;
      -Nine new faculty members in Bloomington and five in Indianapolis;
      -Two new academic programs on the Indianapolis campus: the Master in
      Planning degree and the Nonprofit Management Concentration in the MPA
      program.
      We look toward a bright and even more distinguished future. Stay a
      part of it by renewing your gift to SPEA and sending the enclosed
      contribution reply card. All alumni undesignated gifts to the school are
      used to help support students. One of the most important forms of support
      is student research assistantships, an area not adequately provided for
      under current levels of state funding.
      And remember, gifts made before December 31, 1992, will still provide
      you with maximum tax deduction benefits.
      With grateful appreciation of your support,
      A. James Barnes
      
    
  

  
  
    
      March 26, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name,
      This year I will complete my twenty-fifth anniversary with the School
      of Physical Education. I have enjoyed these years of service to all the
      students, who like you, have studied here. One of my proudest
      achievements has been the creation and sustained achievement of the IUPUI
      Moving Company. Performing before more than 6,500 students from K-12, for
      state professional conferences, for a Pan-Am Media Event and for the U.S.
      Olympic Academy XI, the IUPUI Moving Company has delighted audiences with
      its energy and joy in moving. The company will celebrate its seventh
      season with the annual spring concert. Our theme this year is "Dance:
      Design in Motion" featuring compositions of ballet, modern, jazz and tap.
      I write to ask you to become a supporter of the Moving Company. Your gift
      will help make this year's concert more special by providing funds for
      costumes, programs and lighting. You may use the enclosed card to
      respond. I look forward to hearing from you.
      Sincerely,
      Mary Maitland Kimball Director of Dance MMK/rf
      P.S. Dates for the Moving Company's spring concert are April 27th and
      28th at 8 p.m. Performances will be held in the Mary Cable Theatre at 525
      North Blackford Street on the IUPUI campus.
    
  

  
  
    
      February 1994
      Dear Friend and Donor:
      Indiana University is fortunate to have alumni and friends, like you,
      who have made 1993 one of the best years ever in private support for the
      institution. More than 70,000 donors have demonstrated in a very real way
      their understanding of the need for private funding so necessary if the
      University is to maintain and enhance its service to society.
      Indiana's reputation as one of the leading universities in the nation
      continues to grow. Along with these accolades comes the challenge to
      sustain that level of excellence. Private gifts are the only way we can
      meet the expectations of such an environment. This is where your caring
      concern for the welfare of the University means so much.
      University Chancellor Herman B Wells once remarked that the longer he
      spent studying university finance the more he was convinced that "the
      peaks of excellence are provided typically by private money." Indiana
      University's "peaks of excellence" are becoming more numerous and, at the
      same time, more vulnerable.
      Enclosed is a reply card and envelope with the hope that you will
      consider beginning 1994 with a gift to IU. It truly is a wise investment
      in the bright future ahead. As an Indiana resident supporting IU, you are
      entitled to a credit against your State taxes for your gift. The form you
      will need to claim your credit, and attach to your return, is
      enclosed.
      Thank you for your continuing support of Indiana University. We are
      very grateful.
      Sincerely,
      Curtis R. Simic President
      
    
  

  
  
    
      TO: Our Campus Colleagues FROM: The IUPUI Campus Campaign Steering
      Committee <Names> DATE: February 5, 1994 SUBJECT: Partners in
      Progress: Assuring the Future
      In 1993, IUPUI staff and faculty came together as a community of
      partners -- supporting programs and issues we believe in.
      Scholarships were enhanced or established. The new library received a
      significant vote of pride and partnership, with contributions coming from
      all areas of the campus. Many offices were able to create special staff
      development funds and other enhancements as a result of the campaign.
      Through the efforts of about 300 volunteers, nearly $89,000 was raised
      through the IUPUI Campus Campaign. Almost 900 of us made new gifts in
      support of the things we care about. Together with those who were already
      donors, there are over 1,350 staff and faculty supporting the work of
      IUPUI with their gifts.
      Your efforts on behalf of IUPUI are resulting in changes--some
      dramatic, others more subtle. This year IUPUI is celebrating 25 years in
      partnership. Yet our roots go much deeper. The School of Physical
      Education is oldest at 114. The School of Law celebrates a century, and
      Medicine is 90. Every department and program that make up this community
      called IUPUI has a treasured and valued history .The IUPUI Campus
      Campaign celebrates our partnership and helps us, as individual members
      of that partnership, to assure the future.
      With this letter, we are asking you to take the opportunity of the
      Campus Campaign to consider how you can help IUPUI be what you want it to
      be. A group of your colleagues recently volunteered to help set the
      priorities for this campaign. They surveyed members of the staff and
      faculty councils, administrators and others and learned that we at IUPUI
      have a number of vital concerns.
      One is staff and faculty development. Resources for this purpose are
      limited or non-existent. And yet we all recognize the need to invest in
      professional growth and development.
      Students are another area of interest (what would we do without
      them--and some of us are them). The IUPUI Staff Council scholarship,
      awarded for the first time last summer, is the direct result of the
      Campus Campaign. And scholarship funds are in limited supply here at
      IUPUI, especially for the part time returning student. Additionally, the
      need for students to have a gathering place, a Student Center, is
      perceived by most to be critical.
      The new Library remains on the list--it is at the heart of the
      academic community and will require increased and ongoing support for
      acquisitions and other needs.
      The campus' Shape the Future Fund is designed to address unexpected
      opportunities. It will provide the flexibility IUPUI needs that state
      appropriations cannot. In many ways, the name describes what this campus
      campaign is all about. We have the chance to shape the future of IUPUI by
      what we choose to do here.
      And finally, though perhaps of most importance to you, through the
      Campus Campaign you can continue to make your gift to any IUPUI program
      that matters to you. Your commitment will count.
      When you are contacted by your Campus Campaign volunteer, we hope
      you'll choose to become one of the many partners in the community of
      IUPUI.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      October 1992
      Dear Friend of Purdue:
      Why am I writing today to ask you to support Purdue University? You
      and I didn't graduate from Purdue. Even though our educational goals and
      career paths led us elsewhere, we each have a special place in our hearts
      for this outstanding University located on the western bank of the Wabash
      River. Purdue has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember...
      I was raised in West Lafayette. As I grew older, I realized more and more
      that Purdue isn't just a state institution; it is a public university.
      Moreover, it is a world-class university. Purdue belongs to all of us
      (Hoosier and non-Hoosier alike), and it will be no better than those of
      us who love and support it. Your gift through the Annual Fund will help
      Purdue continue its leadership role in higher education. Your gift will
      also count toward the largest campaign for private contributions in the
      University's history.
      Purdue: Vision 21 seeks to raise $250 million in private support to
      ensure that students of the future will receive an education unsurpassed.
      The campaign will support scholarships and distinguished
      professorships...new and creative research...special assistance to
      minorities...new and renovated laboratories...increased library
      acquisitions...state-of-the-art telecommunications...and more.
      I urge you to think about Purdue and the commitment you can make to
      help us reach these goals. Your contribution--large or small-- through
      the Annual Fund will carry us one more step toward realizing the Purdue
      dream for the 21st century.
      Sincerely,
      James C. Shook
      P.S. A reply card and return envelope are enclosed for your
      convenience. Make your check payable to the Purdue Foundation.
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Friend,
      Thank you for your interest in futures for Children, whose mission is
      "to improve the well-being of children by helping people help
      themselves." One of the ways we achieve this mission is through our
      Friendship Program for American Indian children.
      Enclosed is information that describes this program, as well as our
      community education initiatives in over 20 American Indian Nation. We
      invite you to participate in Futures for Children by sponsoring an
      American Indian child or by joining a Membership Circle to support our
      community education projects.
      Futures for Children was founded over 30 years ago to provide unique
      solutions for positive and sustainable social change by placing children
      at the center of community decision-making and action. For example:
      The people of Batavia on the Hopi Reservation in northern Arizona were
      motivated by their desire to rekindle traditional cultural values among
      younger generations when, with the help of Futures for Children, they
      decided to restore traditional terrace gardens at the edge of their
      village -gardens that had been abandoned for decades. During the
      reconstruction project, elders took advantage of the opportunity not only
      to teach Hopi language and culture to their children, but also to restore
      a sense of balance and spiritual integrity to their community. Now, as
      children tend their gardens, they have a new appreciation of their
      relationship to the land, their cultural heritage, and their
      community.
      In 80 reservation communities in the .Southwest, over 2,000 American
      Indian children participate in Futures' Friendship Program, building
      cross-cultural ties with adult mentors 'from around the nation and
      Europe. By means of supportive relationships developed through letters,
      phone calls and visits, children are, encouraged by their sponsors to
      stay in school, to be, involved in their communities, and to learn about
      the world beyond their reservations. the relationship formed between a
      child and a sponsor often lasts a lifetime.
      Futures for Children relies on the generosity of individuals like you;
      by board policy, we do not accept government or United Way funds.
      Furthermore, approximately 75% of our total income is expended directly
      on program activities. Because of this and other factors, Futures has
      earned an "A" rating from the American Institute of Philanthropy, as well
      as the highest rating of the National Charities Information Bureau
      (NCIB).
      We appreciate your taking time to read about Futures for Children, I
      hope you are inspired to become a Sponsor and/or a Member. Our staff
      would enjoy sharing additional information about our work and answering
      any questions you may have. Please call us any time at
      1-800-545-6843.
      Sincerely,
      Jim West, President and Chief Executive Officer
    
  

  
  
    
      May 22, 2000
      Thank you for your interest in the Peace Education Program.
      The Peace Education Program, in conjunction with a network of adults
      in our schools and neighborhoods, works firsthand with young people who,
      we feel, are the hope for the future. We provide youth with options to
      stand up for themselves and resolve conflicts nonviolently. We teach
      conflict resolution, peer mediation and the principles of prejudice
      reduction not just in Louisville's neighborhoods and schools, but also
      throughout Kentucky.
      With over 18 years experience, we have found that many conflicts
      between young people are rooted in attitudes and prejudices that exclude
      and target individuals and groups. By shifting attitudes and teaching
      youth to understand each other, we halt the violence that plagues our
      schools and neighborhoods.
      Our commitment to schools and neighborhoods has a long tested record
      of accomplishment. We have worked hard to create a strong
      school-neighborhood linkage or safety net. School suspensions are down in
      Jefferson County and we are part of the answer (see attached
      article).
      Enclosed are additional materials to illustrate the commitment of
      Peace Education Program to "giving youth more than a fighting
      chance."
      Peace,
      LaDonna R. Murphy Office Manager
    
  

  
  
    
      December 5, 1990
      Professor xxx Department of xxx Campus
      Dear (use first name),
      As the tax year draws to a close I would like to urge you to make a
      tax deductible contribution for the support of Women's Studies. We now
      have two accounts with the IU Foundation:
      Account # 32-141-93 which we use to supplement our regular (meager)
      budget in order to pay visiting speaker honoraria, give student awards
      and finance special receptions.
      Account # 32-142-08, our Friends of Women's Studies account, which is
      to be used for student scholarships, to supplement Friends activities
      when all other sources of income have been exhausted and, eventually, to
      encourage WOST scholarship through research grants to WOST students and
      faculty.
      Some of the faculty have already contributed to the Friends account
      this year but many have not. Support from the faculty is important, not
      only for the income it provides, but also to demonstrate to our Friends
      in the community our own commitment to the goals and purposes of
      Friends.
      Please consider making a contribution to either or both of these
      accounts. Due to the generosity of Indiana tax law, a contribution to the
      University of any amount up to $200 will only cost you half that
      amount--less the deduction you claim on your federal tax return. I
      enclose a copy of the Indiana tax form you will need to file with your
      return plus an envelope to use for sending your contribution to the IU
      Foundation. Please write one of the above account numbers on the face of
      your check to be very sure that your $$ stay in the WOST family.
      Have a happy, healthy holiday.
      Best regards.
      Anne Donchin Director
    
  

  
  
    
      1999-2000 Annual Fund
      «FRMLSAL2» «CLASS» «ADDRLN1»
      «CITY», «ST» «ZIPCD»
      Dear «INFSAL1»,
      As I begin my tenure as Cathedral's fifth president, I would share
      with you how impressed I am by all that this institution stands for.
      Since 1918, this special school has done an extraordinary job of
      preparing our young people for college, and, more importantly, life. Our
      graduates have left this school ready to take significant roles in their
      careers, their communities, their churches, and, importantly, in their
      families.
      "High expectations" are common at Cathedral, and we prepare for the
      year 2000 with very high expectations for our students, our faculty, our
      administrators, our board of directors and all of those who express their
      allegiance to the school.
      We are very aware of the important role financial resources will
      playas we look to the future. We will require the continued financial
      support of individuals, families and organizations which share our belief
      that a strong, private, Catholic high school education, as offered at
      Cathedral, will continue to prepare the leaders our society so
      desperately needs. Your support of the Annual Fund has been a critical
      piece of the plan to make this educational experience accessible to the
      diverse population of young people that our mission statement challenges
      us to serve.
      I would like to compliment our Annual Fund Chairman, Mike Harrison,
      for the outstanding results which were accomplished in 1998-1999 (the
      fiscal year ending June 30, 1999). Our goal of $320,000 was surpassed as
      a new record was set with a total of $365,000. A special thank you to
      Marianne Downey for her support of the Annual Fund in the past as well as
      in her new role as Director of Institutional Advancement. We look forward
      to the support that new Development Associate Hilary S. Oberlies '85 will
      provide for the Annual Fund this year.
      We cannot take Cathedral High School for granted. It will take the
      very best from all of us to ensure that her future shines as brightly as
      has her past. I call on you to continue your financial support of the
      institution through your gift to the Annual Fund. I can assure you that
      your investment in this institution will allow us to continue the long
      tradition of excellence that is Cathedral High School.
      Thank you for your support!
      Sincerely,
      Stephen J. Helmich President
    
  

  
  
    
      April 20, 2000
      Dear,
      I hope this correspondence finds you and your family doing well. I am
      writing in regards to our alma mater, Cathedral High School and her
      Annual Fund Drive. It is a privilege and honor to be asked to serve as
      your Annual Fund class representative.
      Cathedral High School is indeed a special and exciting place. Your
      loyal support and generosity clearly make a difference. As many of you
      may be aware, this academic year Steve Helmich began his tenure as
      Cathedral's fifth president. Mr .Helmich brings many unique gifts to the
      position. His outstanding leadership skills will serve Cathedral
      exceptionally well. The future of Cathedral High School, under the
      leadership of President Steve Helmich, is indeed bright.
      The "Cathedral Report" is a good one. The school is enjoying full
      enrollment with many accomplishments being achieved by students and
      graduates. We continue to place many of our graduates into top schools
      across the country. Our dedicated faculty works extremely hard to give
      all of our students every opportunity to reach their potential. The
      Science Department is in the process of renovating the labs and other
      facilities in order to provide our students with science instruction that
      is second to none. A local software company has generously donated a
      complete analysis of our computer hardware and software needs so that the
      school can offer faculty and students the most up-to-date information
      technology. Needless to say, this is a must if we are going to continue
      to offer a top-notch education to our young people. We are doing
      everything we can to adjust to the "new economy."
      Each year Cathedral High School makes a general solicitation of
      parents, alumni and friends. Last year our Annual Fund Drive raised a
      record $365,000. The Annual Fund plays a significant role in providing
      financial assistance to those students who cannot meet the ever
      increasing cost of a quality education. Tuition for the 1999-2000 school
      year is $6,250 and is expected to go up next year. Approximately 25% of
      the current Cathedral student body receives some amount of financial
      assistance. So you see the purpose of this fund is about need and helping
      worthy, but less fortunate students, who without your help would not be
      able to attend the school of their choice.
      Please think about a donation to Cathedral this fiscal year which ends
      June 30, 2000. Your help is needed more than ever. Cathedral has made
      great progress but is continually challenged to do more. Small, private
      high schools face a constant pressure to raise funds in order to keep up
      with the public funded schools with their unlimited access to taxpayer
      dollars. The battle never ends.
      Cathedral provided us with a good education and a great foundation for
      our futures. Please help make that same opportunity available to some
      deserving students today.
      Thanks in advance for your support!
      Sincerely,
      Michael P. Alerding '67
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Name,
      Outstanding, Fantastic, Rewarding, Fulfilling All of these words
      describe the results which were achieved by the class of 1984 during the
      1998-1999 Annual Fund Drive. Our class won the coveted "Spirit Award"
      along with our good friends from the class of 1983. The award was
      presented at the annual "All-Class Reunion" in front of over 500 family,
      friends, and alumni of "Dear Old Cathedral". The award is given annually
      to the class that increases their "Annual Fund Giving" participation by
      the highest percentage. We were very proud that our class stepped up and
      made a difference for young deserving students -just like we were 20
      years ago back in 1980! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU to all that
      participated.
      Once again, we are writing to ask for your support. Even after last
      year's success, less than 113 of our class is registered as a donor. As
      your class representatives for the 1999- 2000 Annual Fund Drive, we are
      certain that we can significantly improve upon last years' results.
      Any dollar amount you wish to contribute is fine. However, a donation
      of $25 or more entitles you to official membership in the Alumni
      Association with the privileges thereof, including: 1) The right to vote
      in the upcoming Alumni Association Board Member elections (currently two
      members of the Class of' 84, Maureen Althert and Brian Elson serve on the
      Board); 2) An official Alumni Association decal and membership card; 3) A
      discount on Alumni Association apparel; and, 4) Eligibility for the
      Charity Raffle, $500 to be given to the charity of your choice.
      As you know, the Annual Fund is an integral part of Cathedral's
      financial infra-structure each year. Among the many important roles it
      plays, the most significant is that this fund allows 114 of the student
      body the opportunity to attend Cathedral through the help of financial
      aid. Imagine the thousands of Alumni who might not be alumni if the
      Annual Fund did not exist.
      Please help us and participate this year so that the Class of '84 can
      defend the title at this year's All-Class Reunion on August 11th. We will
      try to contact each of you who have not participated this fiscal year in
      the next 45 days so that our goal can be reached by the deadline of June
      30th. We look forward to your support, and thank you in advance for
      helping make "Cathedral" the best private catholic high school in the
      nation.
      Best Regards,
      Brian Elson '84 Bob Welch ' 84 3750 Priority Way S. Drive 135 N.
      Pennsylvania Indianapolis, IN 46240 Indianapolis, IN 46244-0992 (317) -
      (317) - brian elson@.com rwelch@.com
    
  

  
  
    
      September 21, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      As one who generously supports the law school, you understand the
      importance of alumni contributions in providing an excellent legal
      education for our students. The demand for a legal education remains
      high, as we received 1,243 applications for our 1994 first-year class.
      From this applicant pool, only 250 students were selected to enroll for
      this fall.
      Last year a small number of alumni each contributed between $2,500 and
      $4,999 to the school. To recognize donors who have achieved this level,
      Dean Lefstein has now established the Black Cane Society. If the law
      school is to increase its endowment (currently $3.1 million) and cover
      all of its expenses, a strong financial response from alumni is
      essential. State financial support is unlikely to increase significantly
      during the remainder of this decade.
      You have been a loyal friend by contributing $1,000 annually to the
      law school, and we are grateful for your past support. All alumni are
      being asked to increase their annual level of support. If the law school
      is to provide necessary scholarships and services needed to compete with
      other public and private law schools, this year we cannot simply maintain
      the status quo.
      During August, you will be asked by a volunteer to consider making a
      $2,500 commitment to the law school during 1994. Your gift may be
      designated for the school's general endowment, a particular scholarship
      or program, or a combination of needs. I hope we can include your name
      among the list of inaugural members of the 1994 Black Cane Society.
      Sincerely,
      Henry B. ('56) and Nancy N. ('56) Blackwell Black Cane Society
      cc: Dean Norman Lefstein enclosure
      The Black Cane Society is named after the Black Cane award which is
      given annually by the law students to the professor who is voted to be
      the most outstanding classroom teacher.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      April 12, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Each year the graduating class traditionally contributes a class gift
      to the law school. Sometimes this constitutes an item of remembrance,
      establishment of a scholarship, or individual tax deductible
      donations.
      Due to the current nature of the economy, and the effect that it has
      wrought on the legal employment situation, we decided that the latter
      course would be most advantageous to the graduating student body.
      Each of you may contribute the amount that you feel able to
      contribute, and then you may deduct for it on your taxes. Moreover, the
      total amount contributed by the class may be put to use by the law school
      where it is most needed, such as the library fund, the clinic programs,
      or monies for professional research assistants.
      We believe that this is the best format in which to contribute our
      class gift since it benefits all concerned. Please review the enclosed
      information, and decide which contribution format would best suit your
      needs: an outright gift, a pledge to be paid by December 31, 1994, or a
      three-year graduated pledge. The better our law school becomes directly
      increases the valuation of our degrees.
      THANK YOU!!
      1994 Commencement Committee
    
  

  
  
    
      INDIANA UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF LAW-INDIANAPOLIS
      STUDENTS
      Total Enrollment. Fall 1993: 823
      Full-time. day division: 525
      Part-time. evening division: 298
      1993 Entering Class Profile:
      Number of Applications: 1.293
      Number of Offers Extended: 430
      Number of Students Enrolled: 263 (182 full-time. 81 part-time)
      Number of undergraduate institutions represented: 75
      Mean LSAT Score: 80th percentile
      Mean Undergraduate GPA: 3.3
      Average age: 27
      Women: 40%
      Minorities: 16%
      ALUMNI
      Eighty percent of our 6.000 alumni live in Indiana.
      Alumni reside in 48 states and 5 foreign countries
      COSTS, FINANCIAL AID, AND SCHOLARSHIPS
      1993-94 in-state tuition: $ 143.65 per credit hour
      1993-94 out-of-state tuition: $373.80 per credit hour
      1993-94 tuition supplies 49% of the school's total operating
      budget
      Forty-four percent of students receive loans and/or grants
      Thirty-one privately-funded scholarships totaling $82.000 awarded to
      students annually
      Additional monetary awards provided through the IU Law Alumni
      Association. local law firms, book awards, and discretionary funds
      derived from annual giving
      LAW LIBRARY
      Features one of the largest and most highly automated legal research
      collections in Indiana
      Provides electronic bibliographic and data-base services such as
      WESTLAW, LEXIS, and On-line Computer library Center
      Serves law students. faculty. members of the bar. and citizens of
      Indiana
      CENTER FOR LAW & HEALTH
      Serves as information resource on health law issues
      Conducts research on law reform issues currently facing Indiana and
      the nation
      Supported by government grants, private foundations, and law firms
      STUDENT PROGRAMS AND ORGANIZATIONS
      Students acquire experience through faculty-supervised clinics, trial
      practice courses, moot court, client counseling, and pro bono
      programs
      Two law reviews provide opportunities for research and writing, as
      well as a forum for articles of state, national, and international
      interest
      Student organizations include: the Student Bar Association, The Black
      Law Student Association, the Environmental Law Society, Health law
      Society, the IV Association for Public Interest law, and Women's
      Caucus--just to name a few
      HOW ALUMNI CONTRIBUTIONS HELP TO SUPPORT THE LAW SCHOOL
      All of the foregoing areas are supported by contributions from alumni
      and friends of the school
      In addition, gifts provide essential support in a number of other
      areas, including recruitment of new faculty members and students,
      maintaining our Career Services office, securing guest speakers,
      supporting the school's commencement and publications
      Make your contribution payable to the Indiana University Foundation
      with the designation for Law- Indpls.
    
  

  
  
    
      December 10, 1993
      Dear Graduate:
      Enclosed is a specially prepared and entertaining crossword puzzle
      that challenges your knowledge about the law school. Also, you will find
      with this letter a "1993 fact card" about the law school, information
      about the Indiana Tax Credit (if you reside in Indiana), and a gift card
      and envelope to use in returning your contribution to the school.
      These are exceedingly difficult times for public higher education. For
      this fiscal year and next, the law school is required to absorb
      reductions in its state appropriation and increased health costs totaling
      more than $400,000. Moreover, significant increases in state financial
      support for public higher education are extremely unlikely during the
      remainder of this decade. As a result of the current economic climate,
      alumni support is more critical than ever before.
      We are no longer a state supported law school, for the state no longer
      provides the great bulk of our funding. Instead, I believe we can best be
      described as a law school that is state assisted. Student tuition covers
      about half of our operating revenues, and gifts from alumni and friends
      provide the true margin of excellence for our programs. Contributions to
      the law school's Annual Fund enable us to increase our support for
      scholarships, student programs and activities (e.g., moot court and
      client counseling), student researchers, and stipends for faculty
      research projects, to mention just a few examples.
      I believe we do our job well and are continually strengthening our
      reputation as a first-rate law school. We have excellent students and a
      talented faculty who are highly regarded as classroom teachers and
      scholars. We cannot entirely succeed, however, without the financial help
      of our alumni. I urge you to support your alma mater so that we can
      continue to make you proud of the degree that you hold from this
      institution.
      Sincerely,
      Norman Lefstein Dean Enclosures
      
    
  

  
  
    
      October 14, 1993
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      During the current period of declining state funding for our law
      school, there is one outstanding development. In increasing numbers,
      alumni and friends are providing the private resources necessary for
      scholarships, faculty support and other items which enrich the school's
      curriculum related programs.
      Significant examples are the $500,000 trust agreement executed by
      Judge Sam Rosen in 1992 in honor of his friend, and our former Dean,
      "Bill" Foust. More recently alumni have responded generously to the
      special Bruce Townsend Endowed Professorship campaign, as more than
      $250,000 has now been given or pledged.
      Have these events put our law school on easy street? By no means. They
      will, however, together with Annual Fund contributions and other gifts,
      assure that students at the school continue to receive an excellent legal
      education. So, as the end of 1993 approaches, we ask that you remember
      what your law school education has meant to you and to support the Law
      School Annual Fund.
      Consider the current enrollment picture at the school and the costs
      students bear today.
      Demand for a legal education remains high. The School of Law in
      Indianapolis received nearly 1,300 applications to enroll its 1993
      first-year class of 260 students.
      The school's 800 full- and part-time students provide, in fees and
      tuition, 49% of the school's annual operating budget. For 1993-94,
      Indiana residents pay $143.65 per credit hour and non-residents pay
      $373.80. The average annual course load for first-year students in the
      day program (31 credit hours) costs $4,453 for residents and $11,588 for
      non-residents. To meet tuition payments and other expenses, total loans
      of the student body each year now exceed $4,000,000. Consequently, we
      have approached the limit on student tuition increases.
      You are all too familiar with Indiana's budget pinch and the pressures
      on state government to cut expenditures. Consequently, significant
      increases in state financial support for higher education is extremely
      unlikely during the remainder of this decade.
      Gifts from alumni and friends, therefore, are more critical than ever.
      They provide scholarship dollars which aid students and enable the school
      to compete with other public and private law schools for outstanding
      young people. Gifts also support student organizations such as moot
      court, supply library materials, pay for student research assistants, and
      make available other necessary resources.
      Your contributions to the Annual Fund at the Maennerchor Society level
      have provided significant assistance to the school. Please continue that
      tradition by completing and returning the enclosed pledge card. Payment
      of $1,000 (or more) may be made now or at anytime before December 31,
      1993.
      Thank you for your past help and your continued support.
      Sincere best wishes,
      John M. Holt Donald K. Densborn Chairman Chairman Maennerchor Society
      Dean's Council
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      It is my privilege to extend an opportunity for membership in the
      Maennerchor Society of the Indiana University School of Law
      -Indianapolis. As you know, the membership of this group includes those
      friends and alumni who contribute $1,000 or more annually to the law
      school.
      As a member of the Law Alumni Board (Board of Visitors) you are quite
      well acquainted with the programs, progress and problems of the law
      school. Without engaging in too much repetition I might note a few items
      of interest.
      The student lounge has at long last (20 years) been completely
      refurbished due to a gift from Elizabeth M. Daily, J.D., 1967. It is now
      an inviting place for students to study and visit.
      Judge Sam Rosen of Nashville, Indiana (Harvard, J.D., 1933)
      established a charitable remainder annuity trust in honor of his longtime
      friend and colleague, Cleon H. Foust. His $500,000 gift, designated for
      faculty support, is the largest single private gift ever received by the
      school.
      Applications for enrollment remain high and the quality of entering
      students is excellent. The school received 1,437 applications to seat 260
      students in the 1992 entering class.
      In contrast to this rosy picture there are still significant
      opportunities for improvement in the physical facilities and programs at
      the law school. Several are noted below:
      Scholarships are essential for attracting the best and brightest
      students to study law at our school. For the 1991-1992 academic year,
      only $135,00 was available for scholarship assistance. This figure
      represents only 5% of the total cost that law students paid for their
      legal education. It is far less than is available at most law schools
      including Bloomington spent $279,000 for scholarships during the same
      time period! Approximately 100 students, which is about 1/7 of our
      student body, received scholarships funded through private gifts last
      year. Statistics for the current academic year are the same.
      A consultant's report on the law school library indicates the need for
      improvement in that area. The report concluded:
      "The Law Library's space is inadequate--in both quality and quantity -
      to provide satisfactory, let alone excellent, services to users, shelving
      for the collection, and staff offices."
      "The Law Library's funding is insufficient to allow for appropriate
      collection development and maintenance, to hire a sufficient number of
      employees, especially professional librarians."
      After evaluating the law school building the I.U. Architect's Office
      advised:
      "The space presently occupied by the School of Law and Law Library is
      deficient both in quality and quantity."
      "Quality improvements needed chiefly involve spatial relationships
      among functional areas, personal security needs, electronic access to
      information, effective access to modern instructional technology, and
      aesthetics of public areas of the school."
      "Quantitative deficiencies chiefly derive from library growth but also
      from growing program diversity (e.g., clinics, research institutes, new
      journals), from changing pedagogical techniques (e.g., smaller classes,
      use of technology), and from a longstanding shortage of student support
      space (lockers, food service, offices for student organizations)."
      Information regarding inadequate classrooms, moot court facilities,
      offices, the library and support service areas follow the above
      paragraphs. Other needs might also be recited.
      The current recession and political concerns regarding taxation make
      increased legislative appropriations unlikely. Student tuition has been
      raised 12% for 1992-92, a significant increase. Although tuition at the
      School of Law -Indianapolis still remains among the lowest of the "Big
      Ten" law schools, further increases could have an adverse effect on
      securing quality students.
      These factors increase the need for financial support from alumni and
      friends. I urge your consideration of joining the Maennerchor Society by
      making a gift of $1,000 per year. If this is not possible, please
      consider membership in the Dean's Council ($500- $999 annually). Your
      gift or pledge may be made now with the pledge to be paid before December
      31, 1992.
      Thanks for your courtesy in reviewing this request. It is our hope
      that all Board members will affirmatively respond and that each will
      provide some level of financial support for our school.
      Sincerely,
      John M. Holt Chairman The Maennerchor Society enclosure
    
  

  
  
    
      October 1992
      Dear Graduate:
      As a graduate of the IU School of Law -Indianapolis, you are one of
      more than 5,900 alumni of the school. Approximately 80% of the school's
      alumni reside in Indiana, with more than 2,200 living and working in
      Marion County and the seven contiguous counties. Our alumni are leaders
      in the bar, business, government, and community affairs. We can be proud
      of the graduates of our law school.
      Unfortunately, these are difficult times for public institutions of
      higher education. Legislative appropriations are either flat or in the
      decline, and tuition increases cannot make up the difference. I therefore
      cannot overemphasize the importance of alumni support. Last year, only
      20% of our alumni contributed to the school, up from 14% in 1990. If the
      school is to maintain and improve upon its programs, it needs our
      help.
      This year, the IU School of Law -Indianapolis has initiated a Law Firm
      Campaign. The Campaign is directed at law firms and businesses having 10
      or more alumni. The goal is to get each alum to commit to financially
      support the law school. A precedent has been established by our sister
      school, IU School of Law - Bloomington. Last year, their "law firm
      solicitation program" succeeded in obtaining a range of 57% to 100%
      contributing alumni -employed by participating firms. For the same time
      period, our alumni participation in similar firms was 31% to 67%. We can
      do better!
      Enclosed is a pledge card and reply envelope which you may complete
      and return to me by Friday, October 30. Please show your support and make
      a gift. Remember that as an Indiana resident you may receive tax benefits
      through the Indiana Tax Credit, which is applied directly against the
      "bottom line" of the state tax return. More importantly, your gift to the
      law school will be an investment in the future quality of legal education
      at our school.
      Sincerely,
    
  

  
  
    
      October 20, 1992
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      The 1992 Law Alumni Telephone Campaign for the IU School of Law
      -Indianapolis was conducted during the second week of October. For the
      second year, the campaign was managed by the law school and current law
      students volunteered their time to call alumni.
      You were called and requested additional information prior to making a
      pledge or gift to the law school. We appreciate your interest in wanting
      to learn more about our funding needs!
      As the law school's assistant dean for development, I am especially
      sensitive about our efforts to create new or increased sources of income.
      We are more concerned about money these days, but not because we want to
      be - we simply have to be. The law school's operating budget for this
      current academic year is $8.4 million. That is what it takes to pay our
      faculty and staff, provide programs such as the civil and criminal
      practice clinics, sponsor travel for the moot court teams, cover expenses
      for the two law reviews, provide scholarships for deserving students, and
      meet the rising costs of maintaining our law library. There is no fat in
      our budget.
      You can be proud of your alma mater. Throughout the years the law
      school has continued to provide quality legal education. However, we too
      have felt the effects of a prolonged recession; and I don't need to tell
      you that costs continue to rise. Legislative appropriations are either
      flat or in the decline. We maintain a kind of juggling act as we try to
      keep tuition costs in line. While the law school had to raise tuition by
      8% [1991-1992] and 12% for the current year, our tuition is still among
      the lowest of the "Big 10" law schools.
      Please make an annual contribution to your law school. Gifts of $40.00
      add up to provide valuable funding.
      Gifts of $100.00 are more are recognized through various ways by the
      school. Indiana residents (4,400 of our 5,980 alumni) may also take
      advantage of the Indiana Tax Credit (Form CC-40).
      We do need you, and so do our students. What we are able to accomplish
      each year is a direct result of your generosity and your understanding of
      what it takes to provide the best legal education we possibly can. Thank
      you.
      Sincerely,
      Joni Thompson Assistant Dean for Development
      
    
  

  
  
    
      September 3, 1992
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      It only takes three quick, easy steps to obtain a matching gift from
      your (or your spouse's) employer to enhance your donation to the Indiana
      University School of Law -Indianapolis.
      1. Determine if the company you or your spouse works for has a
      matching gift program (through the personnel office).
      2. Obtain a matching gift form (again through personnel).
      3. Complete the form and send it, along with your gift, to the law
      school.
      Most companies match at a 1:1 ratio, but some companies match 2:1 or
      even 3:1! Take advantage of the benefit your company provides by having
      your gift matched for your alma mater. Don't forget, too, that in many
      cases subsidiaries of larger parent companies are also eligible and that
      companies will sometimes match a gift retroactively. Check out these
      possibilities with your personnel office.
      I cannot underestimate the importance of matching gifts to the law
      school's Annual Fund program. In a time of legislative budget cuts, every
      dollar helps to fund student programs and scholarships. In 1989, the law
      school received $38,912 in matching gifts from 55 companies. In 1990, the
      law school received only $18,114 in matching gifts from 15 companies. Our
      alumni records show that we have 184 graduates directly employed by
      matching gift companies. We can only guess the number of spouses who work
      for a matching gift company or one of its subsidiaries.
      When you make your contribution to the law school in 1992, please take
      a moment to follow the three easy steps listed above. Then watch your
      gift multiply.
      Thank you!
      Sincerely,
      Joni Thompson Assistant Dean for Development
    
  

  
  
    
      June 30, 1992
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      The law school's 5,900 alumni are a distinguished group. We are
      leaders in the bar, business, government, and community affairs. We
      reside in all states excepting Delaware and North Dakota (don't ask me
      why!). I am proud to say that our law school and fellow graduates play a
      significant role both in Indiana and the nation.
      Legal education nationwide has been changing, and our law school has
      been keeping pace with the times. For example, students are provided both
      traditional classroom education, which emphasizes legal reasoning and
      analysis, and extensive training in fundamental lawyering skills.
      Students must now fulfill the law school's legal writing requirements,
      and they are encouraged to participate in a wide array of courses and
      programs that teach professional skills, such as trial practice, the law
      school's civil practice and criminal defense clinics, moot court, and
      client counseling.
      The law school also continues to develop its curriculum in a number of
      specialized fields, including environmental, health, and international
      law areas. In 1991, the law school published the first issue of its
      second law review --the Indiana International and Comparative Law Review.
      Last fall, the Indiana Law Review celebrated publication of its 25th
      volume.
      We can be proud of our alma mater. Throughout the years the law school
      has continued to provide quality legal education. However, these are
      difficult times for public institutions of higher education, because
      legislative appropriations are either flat or in the decline. The law
      school is limited in these recessionary times because it's impractical to
      raise tuition significantly to gain the difference from lost state
      appropriations. (The law school had to raise tuition by 8% [1991-1992]
      and 12% [1992-1993]). It's not a new story but it is an important one to
      consider. To continue to excel in its educational mission, the law school
      must have both public and private support.
      Members of the law school's Maennerchor Society are the school's
      staunchest and most important supporters. We are persons who annually
      donate $1,000 or more to the law school and, by our actions, demonstrate
      that we care deeply about the school and that private contributions make
      a difference.
      There are still many federal and state tax advantages for making
      charitable contributions. In addition, Indiana residents may receive tax
      benefits through the Indiana tax credit which is applied directly against
      the "bottom line" of the state tax return. Matching contributions from
      your (or your spouse's) employer can also double or triple the value of
      your gift.
      The Maennerchor Society brings together persons who share a desire to
      provide enduring and generous support for the law school. During the next
      week or so, I will be calling you to discuss your willingness to support
      the school.
      Your gift may be made when the pledge is submitted or anytime prior to
      December 31, 1992. The Maennerchor Society brochure and a pledge card are
      enclosed for your review.
      Your gift to the law school will be an investment in its continued
      excellence.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      December 6, 1991
      Dear Friend:
      Thirty years is a long time to be part of the law school community. I
      have witnessed many changes --physical location of the law school, new
      faculty coming on board, faculty retiring, tax students surviving my
      classes, and a periodic changing of the deans.
      Legal education nationwide also has been changing, and your law school
      has been keeping pace with the times. For example, we now provide
      students both traditional classroom education, which emphasizes legal
      reasoning and analysis, and extensive training in fundamental lawyering
      skills. Our students must now fulfill the law school's legal writing
      requirements, and they encouraged to participate in a wide array of
      courses and programs that teach professional skills, such as trial
      practice, the law school's civil practice and criminal defense clinics,
      moot court, and client counseling.
      The law school also continues to develop its curriculum in a number of
      specialized fields, including environmental, health, and international
      law areas.
      Earlier this year, the law school published the first issue of its
      second law review -the Indiana International and Comparative Law
      Review.
      At a recent gathering of the law school's Board of visitors, Justice
      Brent Dickson ('68) of the Indiana Supreme Court commented about the
      impact which our law graduates have had on the governance of Indiana and,
      indeed, of the nation. For example, he noted that three of the five
      Indiana Supreme Court justices are graduates of the law school, that our
      graduates include 100 of the state's 360 trial court judges, and that 30%
      of the state's lawyers graduated from the law school. And, of course,
      former Indiana Governor Edgar Whitcomb ('50), and Senator Dan Coats
      ('72), as well as the vice President of the United States ('74) and his
      wife ('74), are graduates of your law school.
      The law school has more than 5,700 alumni, approximately 80% of whom
      reside in Indiana. The balance practice law throughout the country and
      live in 48 different states. I think you can be proud, just as I am, of
      the graduates of your law school and of their accomplishments.
      I also believe that you can be proud of your law school. We have
      provided throughout the years quality legal education, and we are
      continuing to improve. However, these are difficult times for public
      institutions of higher education, because legislative appropriations are
      either flat or in the decline.
      State funds for your law school are not now - nor have they ever been
      --sufficient to fund all of our costs. To continue to excel in our
      educational mission, we must have both public and private support. For
      this reason, I ask that you think of your law school, in financial terms,
      in the same way that you would view private institutions.
      The law school's needs range from purchasing additional computer
      terminals to paying travel costs of our moot court teams and from
      refurbishing the Gray Lounge to purchasing necessary reference materials
      for the library. These are just some of our needs; others are discussed
      in the brochure which is enclosed with this letter.
      As a tenured professor and staunch supporter of your law school, my
      task is to beat the drums for financial contributions from alumni and
      friends. I cannot overemphasize the importance of your support. If we are
      to maintain our programs and thus continue to enhance the value of the
      diploma that you earned from IU School of Law --Indianapolis, we need the
      help of our alumni.
      You can see "by reading the code, my friend" that there are still many
      federal and state tax advantages for making charitable contributions. In
      addition, Indiana residents may receive tax benefits through the Indiana
      tax credit which is applied directly against the "bottom line" of the
      state tax return.
      Please give. Your year-end gift to the law school is an investment in
      the future quality of the legal profession and a significant way for you
      to remember your past, and I thank you, in advance, for your gift.
      Best wishes,
    
  

  
  
    
      November 18, 1991
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. Name:
      Thirty-five years is a long time to have been a part of the law school
      community. As a '56 graduate, I have since witnessed many changes in both
      legal education and the law school. An obvious change is a physical one
      --the old Maennerchor Building where I (and many of you) attended law
      school no longer exists.
      However, its history has been maintained in the present law school
      building through the display of its stained glass windows and the old oak
      fireplace. Its history is also recognized by the Maennerchor
      Society--whose members are the school's staunchest and most important
      supporters. The enclosed brochure provides information on the old law
      school building, the Society, and the programs supported by private
      funds.
      As an alumnus and Chairman of the Maennerchor Society, my task now is
      to beat the drums for financial contributions of at least $1,000 from
      alumni and friends of the school. You know that funding for public higher
      education is declining nationwide. Our state appropriation is not now
      -nor has it ever been --sufficient to fund, for example, all of the costs
      associated with faculty research, student programs, scholarships,
      seminars, guest speakers, and the law library.
      The result is that we must think of the law school, in financial
      terms, as a private institution. We must recognize that the school's
      ability to provide a quality legal education is dependent on our Annual
      Fund and endowment.
      These comments, for better or for worse, are not accompanied by
      heartrending pictures of faculty members standing in bread lines nor with
      sap shots of undernourished law students. However, the school does have
      specific needs, some quite visible and others somewhat subtle, which are
      not being adequately met by legislative appropriations, student tuition
      and fees. I have also enclosed a brief report on those areas which would
      be helped by your annual contribution.
      Because of the school's success, the satisfaction and pride that you
      can take in your law degree continues to be enhanced. Our challenge is to
      maintain the tradition of our past and to become even stronger in the
      future. We cannot accomplish this goal without the financial help of our
      alumni and friends.
      The Maennerchor Society brings together persons who share a desire to
      provide enduring and generous support for the law school. I urge you to
      join the Maennerchor Society this year.
      In the back of the Maennerchor Society brochure, you will find a
      pledge card and reply envelope for your 1991 contribution. Your gift to
      the law school will be an investment in our continued excellence.
      Sincerely,
      John M. Holt '56 Chairman JH/ch
      Enclosures
      Obviously, if all alumni were to contribute $1,000 in 1991, we would
      have a tremendous story to tell. However, we recognize that gifts at the
      Maennerchor Society level are not possible for all. If circumstances do
      not permit your participation in the Maennerchor Society, please do
      contribute at one of the levels recognized annually by the school:
      Maennerchor Society $1,000 or more Dean's Council $ 500 -999
      Barrister's Club $ 250 -499 Law School Associates $ 100 -249
      
    
  

  
  
    
      August 1, 1991
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      This fall alumni and students at the Indiana University School of Law
      Indianapolis will initiate several programs to encourage alumni support
      for the school.
      As outlined during recent meetings of the Board of Visitors and Alumni
      Association Directors, these will include an Indianapolis law
      student/alumni telephone campaign and increased emphasis on giving at the
      Maennerchor Society level.
      Prior to launching these programs, we are requesting each of our
      alumni leaders and friends on the two boards to review their support of
      the school for 1991 and, if no pledge or contribution has been made, to
      consider joining their colleagues in the Maennerchor Society.
      As an alumnus and Chairman of that activity, my function is to beat
      the drums for financial contributions of $1,000 (or more) per year from
      alumni and friends of the school. Accordingly, a brief recital of unmet
      needs is given below with a request for contributions. Also, I want to
      express my gratitude to those of you who have already pledged or
      contributed in 1991.
      These comments, for better or worse, are not accompanied by
      heartrending pictures of faculty members standing in bread lines nor with
      snap shots of undernourished law students. The school's staff appears
      quite professional and the students reasonably fed. However, the school
      does have specific needs, some quite visible and others somewhat subtle,
      which are not being adequately met by legislative appropriations, student
      tuition and fees. Any of these include:
      
      The Student Lounge: This area is usually the first seen by prospective
      faculty and students. Over twenty years of wear have left furniture and
      other decor in a shabby state inconsistent with an impressive law school.
      Rehabilitation costs are estimated to be $85,000. No state dollars are
      available for this project.
      Scholarships: For 1990-1991 our school of law received $57,000 in
      state funds and $78,000 from private endowment and gifts for a total of
      $135,000 for scholarship assistance. This is only about 6% of the total
      cost that law students paid for their legal education at the school last
      year. It is far less scholarship aid than is available at most law
      schools.
      Last year, for example, the IU School of Law-Bloomington spent
      $279,000 for scholarships from private and public sources, although their
      student body is somewhat smaller than ours.
      Faculty Salaries and Research Support: Our law school ranks last in
      median base salaries for full professors when compared with salaries paid
      to full professors at the eight other "Big Ten" law schools. The school
      also lacks sufficient funds to award adequate summer stipends to support
      faculty scholarship and to cover the costs of student research
      assistants.
      Library expenditures: Again, our law school ranks last in this
      category when compared with the eight other "Big Ten" law schools.
      Annual Expenditures: Highest (Michigan) $2,686,398 Average $1,700,395
      Law-Indianapolis $1,219,785
      Your patience will not be tested by commentary on the General
      Assembly's problems in providing more support for higher education.
      Rather, these humble efforts will be directed to increasing private
      sector contributions.
      One of the selling points in this fall's development campaign is the
      level of support given by the school's alumni leaders and friends on the
      Alumni Association Board and the Board of Visitors. Obviously, if all
      members of the two Boards were to pledge $1,000 per year, we would be
      most grateful and we would have a great story to tell. However, we
      recognize that contributions at the Maennerchor Society level are not
      possible for all. Some Board members may have had their mother-in-law
      move in, another mouth to feed and a loss in domestic tranquility. Junior
      may have wrecked the car and daughter may have attained the age for
      orthodontia. If circumstances do not permit your participation in the
      Maennerchor Society, please do contribute at one of the levels recognized
      annually by the school:
      Maennerchor Society $1,000 or more Dean's Council $ 500 -999
      Barrister's Club $ 250 -499 Law School Associates $ 100 -249
      Contributions may be made when the pledge is submitted or anytime
      prior to the end of 1991. A pledge card and return envelope are enclosed.
      For the reasons noted below, please return your card before August 30,
      1991.
      If you have pledged or contributed for 1991, you have my thanks and
      the appreciation of the administration and faculty of the law school.
      Also, you have the satisfaction of knowing that your colleagues are being
      urged to emulate your good judgment.
      In early September it will be my privilege to personally contact any
      members of the Board of Visitors or Alumni Board who through
      misadventure, oversight, procrastination or the pendency of personal
      bankruptcy proceedings have not made some pledge or contribution, however
      large or small, to our school.
      As I consider the talented, loyal and resourceful leaders on these
      Boards, I assume few, if any, calls will be necessary.
      One last matter: we will be contacting alumni for membership in the
      Maennerchor Society in October and November. If you are willing to make a
      few (six or less) telephone calls to assist the law school, please so
      indicate on your pledge card. Those participating will be provided
      prospects' names, addresses and telephone numbers, as well as background
      information on the school's needs.
      Thanks for your courtesy in reviewing this epistle and for your
      response.
      Sincerely,
      John M. Holt '56 Chairman Maennerchor Society Committee Indiana
      University School of Law-Indianapolis
      
    
  

  
  
    
      November, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. Name:
      There is an ever-increasing interest in the study of law. But there is
      also intense competition among law schools to attract the best and
      brightest students. At our law school, 1989 applications for admission
      increased by 35% over the previous year; in 1990 applications for
      admission increased an additional 20%! For this year's entering class, we
      had more than five times the number of applications for every freshman
      seat. While the numbers are impressive, scholarships often are critical
      in recruiting the top students with financial need.
      Having good students is only part of the picture. An outstanding legal
      education requires more than just classes in case analysis and legal
      reasoning. Fundamental lawyering skills --advocacy, client counseling,
      negotiation, legal research and writing --are vital.
      Several professional skills programs are offered each year to
      students. Our Civil Practice Clinic has operated for several years, and
      we recently added a Criminal Defense Clinic. The Moot Court Program and
      the Indiana Law Review are consistently popular with students. These
      programs are essential to a quality legal education, but they require
      financial support over and above that provided by the University.
      Private giving does have a significant impact at the law school.
      During 1989, more than 1,300 alumni and friends responded to an appeal to
      fund G. Kent Frandsen Memorial Scholarships. Their generosity produced
      $258,000 to invest in an endowment account.
      In September, we were able to award this prestigious scholarship to
      two deserving students. They are among the first of many students who
      will benefit from alumni generosity demonstrated during the Frandsen
      Scholarship fund drive. There are numerous other challenges still to be
      met.
      I cannot emphasize enough how vital your support is, not only in
      providing scholarships, but also in meeting a wide variety of needs
      ranging from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our
      moot court team. It takes a partnership of private support and University
      funding for the law school to continue to grow in stature and influence.
      As 1990 draws to a close, I know you may be reflecting on many giving
      opportunities.
      Your year-end gift to the law school is an investment in its continued
      excellence. I look forward to hearing from you.
      Sincerely,
      Dean
      P.S. Please take a moment to review our Annual Fund brochure. Then use
      the enclosed donor reply card to let us know how you can help. Thank
      you!
    
  

  
  
    
      November 19, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      The law school's 5,539 alumni form a distinguished group. They are
      leaders in business, government, and community affairs. During the past
      three years, I have had witnessed significant growth in alumni commitment
      to the law school. The generosity of our alumni is lead by the members of
      our Maennerchor Society.
      Maennerchor Society members, who contribute $1000 or more through
      their annual contributions, continue to demonstrate that support can make
      an impact at the school. State appropriations alone are not sufficient to
      fund all of our faculty research, library acquisitions and services,
      professional skills programs such as Moot Court and our Civil Practice
      and Criminal Defense Clinics, or lecture programs such as the
      Distinguished Jurist in Residence. Alumni contributions help provide the
      services and programs that distinguish a great law school from just a
      good one.
      We continue to attract top students and consistently our graduates
      have the highest success rate of any law school graduates on the Indiana
      Bar Exam. On the February and July exams, for example, our pass rates
      were 96.5% and 91.4%! Having good students is only part of the picture.
      The law school prospers due to the commitment of a dedicated faculty. As
      our graduates are aware, the faculty excels in the classroom, which is
      where quality in law teaching can be seen, felt, and heard every day.
      The need for private giving will continue to increase as we strive for
      a higher level of excellence. Graduates of the I. U .School of
      Law-Indianapolis leave with fundamental lawyering skills and a sound
      legal education.
      The Maennerchor Society brings together individuals who share a desire
      to provide enduring and generous support for the law school. I urge you
      to consider a significant annual gift of at least $1,000.
      Your gift can be made in one payment, in two semi-annual payments, or
      on a quarterly basis.
      Your annual gift to the law school is an investment in its continued
      excellence.
      Sincerely,
      Norman Lefstein Dean
      P.S. We hope not only to revive the historical memory of the
      Maennerchor Building, which housed the school in downtown Indianapolis
      for many years, but also to continue to build for the law school's future
      through the philanthropic support of our alumni and friends. Thank
      you!
      
    
  

  
  
    
      November 19, 1990
      Dear Name:
      In November, 1988 the Indiana University School of Law - Indianapolis,
      its students, alumni, and friends lost a great friend, teacher and
      colleague. Kent Frandsen selflessly gave 30 years of service offering
      advice and counsel in the management and growth of the law school and its
      students. He played a significant role in our education and our
      lives.
      Jerry Bepko, Chancellor of IUPUI, paid tribute to Kent through these
      remarks.
      "His sense of good fortune helped him to be the most beloved dean ever
      to serve at our law school. His work as Dean for Student Affairs is
      legendary. He loaned them money, out of his own pocket, something he
      never wanted Marilee to know about. He helped them with housing, career
      planning, and personal problems. He was for the students an advisor,
      mentor, chaplain, uncle, and true friend. The students understood how
      much he cared about them and how wise, decent, and honest he was."
      You were one of more than 1,300 alumni and friends who responded
      generously to an appeal to endow the G. Kent Frandsen Memorial
      Scholarship Fund. Overall, contributions produced $258,000 to invest in
      an endowment account, and this prestigious scholarship already has been
      awarded to several deserving law students. They are the first of many
      students who will benefit from the generosity of our alumni.
      Your continued support of the law school is vital, not only in
      providing scholarships, but also in meeting a variety of needs ranging
      from purchasing additional computer terminals to travel for our moot
      court team.
      We are proud of our law school and its 5,539 alumni. Our achievements
      reflect the excellence of the legal education we received. We can
      continue to strengthen the education of good lawyers.
      I urge you to make a year-end gift to the law school. Your gift may be
      designated for the Frandsen Memorial Scholarship Fund, for any of the
      programs described in the Annual Fund brochure, or for use where you
      believe there is the greatest need.
      It takes a partnership of private support and University funding for
      our law school to continue to grow in stature and influence. I look
      forward to hearing from you.
      Sincerely,
      Lante K Earnest Chairman Frandsen Campaign Steering Committee
      P.S. Please take a moment to review the Annual Fund brochure. Then use
      the enclosed donor reply card to let us know how you can help.
      Thank you!
    
  

  
  
    
      November 15, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      The Indiana University School of Law-Indianapolis continues to make
      significant strides in legal education. As a member of the law school's
      __, I know you are aware of our progress.
      We consistently, for example, attract top students; the 1990 entering
      class had the highest Law School Admission Test scores in our history and
      more than 10% of our new students possess graduate degrees in addition to
      their undergraduate diplomas. Our students, moreover, consistently have
      the highest success rate of any law school, graduates on passing the
      Indiana Bar exam. On the February and July 1990 exams, our pass rates
      were 96.5% and 91.4%!Besides a talented and diverse student body, our law
      school boasts an outstanding faculty. In addition to fine teaching and
      impressive scholarship, the faculty make important professional
      contributions through service on boards and commissions, participating in
      continuing legal education programs, and bar association activities.
      With all our successes, the law school still has many opportunities
      for growth and improvement. It takes a partnership of private support and
      University funding to sustain and expand our leadership role in legal
      education.
      The law library houses the most highly automated legal research
      collection in the state. However, dramatic increases in the costs of law
      books, journals, and database services mean that simply maintaining our
      present collections exceeds our budget.
      Our faculty-student ratio is 1:27. For law schools in the United
      States, the range of faculty-student ratios is from 1:13 to 1:35, but
      well over half of the law schools in the country have better ratios than
      we do.
      Competition among law schools for the strongest students is intense.
      Scholarships often are critical in enrolling top students in financial
      need. During 1989, the law school had only $130,000 in scholarships to
      award students.
      After twenty years, the law school building needs considerable
      refurbishing, especially in areas used by our students. While we don't
      attract capable students or outstanding faculty by the facility alone, it
      is important that we maintain an attractive environment for maximum
      learning.
      As a leader of the law school, I urge you to consider a significant
      annual gift of at least $1,000 and become a member of the Maennerchor
      Society. Members of this group, through their leadership, continue to
      demonstrate that private support can lead to significant improvements at
      the law school. Your gift can be made in one payment, two semi-annual
      payments, or on a quarterly basis.
      Your annual gift to the law school is an investment in its continued
      excellence.
      Sincerely,
      Norman Lefstein Dean
    
  

  
  
    
      July, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      The National Board of Visitors cordially invites you to become a
      Charter Associate of The Center on Philanthropy
      Dear Name:
      I need your immediate help today to save a tradition... a uniquely
      American tradition that has flourished in this country for hundreds of
      years...
      ...a living tradition of voluntary action for the public good known as
      "philanthropy."
      I look to you because you are among the few who have an outstanding
      commitment to philanthropy --a commitment based on your personal
      conviction that the "third sector" is essential to our American way of
      life. And indeed it is.
      Unfortunately, our view of the importance of philanthropy is not
      shared by all Americans. Many see philanthropy as no more than the grand
      gestures of the rich.
      They do not understand, as we do, that the museums, parks, hospitals
      and community organizations supported by philanthropy are the
      cornerstones of our very quality of life. They do not realize that right
      now voluntary associations are helping to address some of the most
      troubling social issues of our time, including homelessness, crime, and
      drug and alcohol abuse.
      Perhaps most important, few comprehend that the perpetuation
      Indianapolis, Indiana of our diverse tradition of giving, caring and
      serving, carried out every day by Americans from all walks of life, is
      key to the present and future vitality of our nation.
      Evidence strongly suggests that this lack of understanding is
      undermining young people's commitment to philanthropy today ... which
      will devastate tomorrow's not-for-profit organizations, institutions and
      causes.
      We cannot let our rich philanthropic heritage --a vast sector that now
      includes more than a million organizations and a hundred million
      volunteers --be placed in jeopardy!
      It is critical that we educate Americans about the importance of
      Philanthropy that we develop a new generation of informed and committed
      leaders. To do all this we need a place where philanthropy can be
      explored by students, scholars and practitioners as a serious academic
      field.
      This is why the Indiana University Center on Philanthropy was founded
      and why I am writing to seek you support of our mission today.
      We want you as a true partner because we know you share our deep
      conviction that philanthropy is essential to our democratic society.
      I am therefore delighted to extend this invitation today giving you
      the opportunity to join us as a Charter Associate of the Center on
      Philanthropy.
      JOIN WITH KINDRED SPIRITS
      As Charter Associate, you will join many kindred spirits - people like
      you who believe that professional practice can be improved by closely
      linking nonprofit management and fund raising to education, study and
      research.
      Specifically, you will be joining a group of distinguished foundation
      executives, business leaders, scholars, development professionals and
      volunteers in the nonprofit sector ... people such as Charles A. Johnson,
      Vice President for Development of the Lilly Endowment, Hank Rosso,
      Founding Director of The Fund Raising School, Patricia Lewis, President
      of the National Society of Fund Raising Executives, and Milt Murray, an
      extraordinary fund raiser upon whom both The Center and NSFRE have
      bestowed their highest awards. These are people who share your dedication
      who never close the door on their commitment to philanthropy at the end
      of each working day.
      But before you decide to join us, let me tell you more about our work
      and our achievements.
      THE LILLY ENDOWMENT CHALLENGE
      We were founded in 1987 with a major grant from the Lilly Endowment,
      one of our nation's largest and most prestigious private foundations. Our
      earliest goal was to "permeate the intellectual consciousness" of the
      eight campuses of Indiana University and establish philanthropy as a
      serious field of study.
      Today we have accomplished all this and much more. Currently, the
      university lists more than 50 courses in philanthropic studies that touch
      on a wide range of disciplines including the law, sociology, and the
      humanities.
      We also have a groundbreaking Master of Arts in Philanthropic Studies
      program and are developing a doctoral degree in the field. What's more,
      over 200 professors, lecturers, and other distinguished scholars from
      around the world participate in Center-sponsored courses, conferences,
      symposia and research programs designed to enrich our understanding of
      the vitality of our philanthropic tradition.
      More than 1,000 individuals and some 1,000 organizations participate
      annually in courses and workshops offered by the Center's Fund Raising
      School, the only national university-based fund raising training program
      with an international reputation for helping organizations become leaders
      in ethical fund raising.
      REACHING OUT TO AMERICA
      Developing a new generation of informed and committed leaders in
      philanthropy is, in fact, one of the Center's highest priorities. That is
      why we have just introduced an exciting new program called Leadership
      Works. Co-sponsored by the National Association for Community Leadership,
      the program is designed to help volunteer leaders learn fund raising
      skills and better appreciate their work as part of our philanthropic
      tradition.
      We are well aware that the ultimate importance of the study of
      philanthropy is found outside the walls of the academy. That is why this
      national initiative is now being launched in six Midwestern cities. It is
      part of the Center's effort to serve the needs of communities directly by
      training those 'who are responsible for sustaining philanthropy at the
      grassroots.
      This is but one of many projects we envision as we work to develop the
      next generation of philanthropic leaders and take the Center's core
      mission out into communities across our country.
      Because if you and I truly want to preserve philanthropy as a way of
      life, we must make certain that Americans everywhere take philanthropy
      seriously, that they talk about it, debate it, challenge it, and
      ultimately keep it alive as a cherished tradition.
      But we cannot achieve this ambitious task alone. We need your support
      to help us make it all happen!
      This is why I am counting on your commitment as a Charter Associate of
      the Center on Philanthropy today!
      WE ARE UNIQUE AMONG OUR PEERS
      I realize that, as a leader in your field, you are frequently asked to
      support worthy organizations, including other institutions associated
      with philanthropy. I must therefore tell you why the Center on
      Philanthropy also deserves your support.
      We are the only educational institution actively dedicated to changing
      the way Americans think and fell about the importance of philanthropy to
      our way of life.
      We are the leading academic institution promoting the study of
      philanthropy as a vital American tradition. Other universities and
      schools depend on us to provide materials and direction as they
      incorporate philanthropic studies into their curriculum.
      YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE
      Your help today will enable us to strengthen further America's
      philanthropic heritage by expanding the Center's crucial educational,
      leadership and outreach programs.
      When you join the Center as a Charter Associate with a gift of $50 or
      more, you are entitled to many privileges, including a beautiful Charter
      Associate Certificate you'll be proud to hang in your office and a copy
      of our National Board of Visitors' prestigious publication Annual Report
      on the State of Philanthropy. Benefits for higher gift levels are listed
      on the enclosed Acceptance Form. For example, for a gift of $500 your
      name will be permanently inscribed on the Honor Roll of Charter
      Associates housed at the Center.
      But whatever the size of your gift, your participation as a partner in
      the Center's mission makes a valuable difference. Your inspiration, your
      generous support and your active leadership are crucial to our
      success.
      Please accept the invitation of our National Board of Visitors and
      join today.
      Sincerely,
      Warren F. Ilchman Executive Director
      P.S. I am personally counting on your immediate support as a Charter
      Associate to help the Center expand its crucial role in preserving the
      American philanthropic tradition. The Charter Associate offer ends
      September 30, 1994. Join us today!
      
    
  

  
  
    
      November 16, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Dr. Name:
      This has been an eventful year for the School of Nursing -the official
      closing of a very successful 75th Anniversary Celebration in April, a
      record enrollment exceeding 5,000 students system-wide and a host of
      other new developments. The School of Nursing is proud of the following
      facts:
      being the largest School of Nursing in the United States!
      the successful launching of a major recruitment drive to increase
      minority enrollment in the School
      having attracted the distinguished and nationally known nursing
      researcher Dr. M. Elizabeth Carnegie for a year as Visiting Professor
      providing several seminars on Southeast Asian nursing education
      practices and progress and hosting delegations of nurse leaders from
      Africa and other countries.
      ...all this has been possible because of your loyal and unfailing
      support to the School and its programs.
      As you well know, the School of Nursing receives less than 30% of its
      operating funds from the state appropriations. It is the significant
      gifts from our alumni and friends, that make all the difference by
      helping the School's scholarship and financial aids program which is very
      important to students with limited means, interested in pursuing their
      nursing education. You are important to us and the I.U. School of Nursing
      needs your generous gifts to continue and uphold its educational
      excellence.
      It would be wonderful if you could take the time to visit your School,
      and see for yourself the progress we have made over the years and share
      in the pride of our heritage!
      Sincerely,
      Rebecca T. Markel, EdD, RN Assistant Dean/Development RTM/lv
    
  

  
  
    
      December 6, 1994
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name,
      As 1994 draws to a close, we at the School of Nursing pause to reflect
      on all we have accomplished in the 80 years since our founding in 1914.
      At this time, we also turn to friends like you, asking you to show that
      you share in our sense of pride by continuing to support the School's
      Annual Fund.
      In a recent message to current students, I urged them, too, to take
      pride in being associated with one of the best nursing schools in the
      country and reminded them of our rich heritage: our role in founding
      Sigma Theta Tau International and in launching the Midwest Nursing
      Research Society and Midwest Alliance in Nursing; our leadership in
      bringing the Healthy Cities movement to the United States and designation
      as the first (and only) World Health Organization Collaborating Center in
      Healthy Cities; our ranking among the top 16 schools of nursing in the
      1994 U.S. News and World Report survey; and our support for the numerous
      students, alumni, and faculty who have won awards and held leadership
      positions in community, university, and professional organizations.
      This past academic year, highlights have included the establishment of
      a Board of Visitors; the appointment of two new campus deans, Marian
      Pettengill at IU South Bend and Penny Cass at IU Kokomo; recognition of
      the Community Health Nursing Department by the American Public Health
      Association; sponsoring two nurse recipients for IU honorary degrees,
      Hildegard Peplau at IUPUI and Elizabeth Carnegie at IU Southeast; and
      celebrating the induction in 1993 and 1994 of four more faculty into the
      American Academy of Nursing. We also take great pride in the innovative
      teaching of our award-winning faculty, who have developed the use of
      information technology in learning situations and earned recognition at
      Founder's Day ceremonies for the past three years, and in the everyday
      heroism of our students, exemplified by the winners of our "Profiles in
      Courage" awards, an inoculation program organized by BSN students at
      IUPUI, and the contributions of IU Southeast students to St. John's Day
      Center.
      Reminding ourselves of our excellence isn't done to be egotistical.
      Rather, it allows us to feel energized and be pleased that we chose to be
      a part of a school that has achieved national recognition. Gifts to the
      School's Annual Fund provide critical dollars for scholarships, student
      activities, and faculty development--areas not covered by tuition or
      state dollars. Regardless of the size of your gift, your participation in
      the annual drive is an indicator of your pride in association with the
      School of Nursing. If your gift has already been mailed to us, please
      accept our sincere thanks for your generosity. If not, I hope you will
      send in your renewal gift today.
      Sincerely,
      Angela Barron McBride Distinguished Professor and University Dean
    
  

  
  
    
      June 5, 1991
      Dear Graduate:
      Commencement 1991 renews memories of student days at Indiana
      University. This year fifteen new graduates leave the University and join
      ranks with medical record practitioners throughout the world, thus
      increasing the links between I.U. and our professional community.
      Joan Y. Engels (85'91} was chosen from the Division of Allied Health
      Sciences to receive the IUPUI Chancellor's Scholar Award for academic
      excellence. She was honored at the Third Chancellor's Honors Convocation.
      We were very proud to have a medical record administration student
      selected for the 1990-91 award.
      In 1990 the Program established the Elton T. Ridley Distinguished
      Service Award. Although retired from the University, Mr. Ridley continues
      to lend support to the Medical Record Administration Program. Many
      graduates may remember him as a teacher, others as an interviewer on the
      Admission's Committee, and others as moderator of the Gertrude L. Gunn
      Forum. The first award will be presented at our alumni luncheon.
      This year's alumni luncheon is scheduled for October 23, 1991, during
      the AMRA Annual Meeting in Nashville, Tennessee. If you plan to attend
      the luncheon, please forward the enclosure and your name will be included
      in our mailing. Also, if your class would like to have a special event
      this year, we would be pleased to assist by providing a list of mailing
      addresses.
      Spring seems to be a good time to contact graduates to request
      contributions to the Gertrude L. Gunn Scholarship Fund. Last year tuition
      was $69.65 per credit hour and books approximately $500. Housing, food,
      and car expenses, especially for students traveling some distance to
      their assigned clinical sites, are also costly items. Your contribution
      last year allowed us to make two awards of $500 at the ninth Gertrude L.
      Gunn Forum. Since the monies are now in an interest bearing account, our
      plan is to award the interest annually.
      Forty years ago one student, Betty Groh Tower, entered the Medical
      Record Administration Program to become our first graduate. Will you help
      us celebrate our 40th Anniversary with your contribution to the
      Scholarship Fund?
      Please make your check payable to the "I.U. Foundation Medical Record
      Scholarship," in memo section -Gertrude L. Gunn. An envelope is enclosed
      for your convenience. Sincere appreciation goes to each of you for
      including this Fund in your giving.
      Sincerely,
      Mary L. McKenzie, RRA, Director
      MLM:mmg
      Enclosures: I.U. Foundation Envelope and Alumni Luncheon Request
      Form
    
  

  
  
    
      December 1, 1993
      Name Address City, State, Zip
      Dear Dr.
      Dream of a world free of heart disease, cancer, alcoholism, and
      Alzheimer's. Go ahead, dream. No rural families without physicians, no
      smoking, no students foregoing medical school for lack of funds, no
      researchers ceasing their inquiries for lack of support.
      As we celebrate the 90th birthday of Indiana University School of
      Medicine, we realize how much we owe to dreamers and their dreams...
      William Lowe Bryan, the IU president whose dream of a broadly based
      university led to the founding of IU School of Medicine in 1903.
      Dr. and Mrs. Robert w. Long, a hospital designed for teaching and
      research.
      Dean Charles Emerson, the IU School of Nursing, despite the warning of
      its first superintendent that the place had "no future."
      The friends of James Whitcomb Riley, a hospital for teaching,
      research, and care of children.
      Herman and Ellnora Krannert, a multidisciplinary center to study heart
      disease.
      The list of dreamers goes on: Ball, Maxwell, Coleman, Ritchey, Van
      Nuys, Hickam, Wells, Bowen, Regenstrief, Gatch, Irwin, Beering...
      History created our present; we are the dreamers who build the future.
      Remember when cures for polio and smallpox were just dreams? We dream of
      translating the newest miracles of molecular biology, immunology, and
      medical research into education and patient care --for the state, the
      Midwest, and the nation. Here, in the heart of Indiana, there is no
      shortage of ideas, energy, and devotion to our dreamers will be
      remembered long after today. Will you add your dreams to ours? Please
      renew your annual gift to Indiana University School of Medicine, and help
      make dreams come true for generations to come.
      Sincerely,
      Walter J. Daly, M.D. Dean
      
    
  

  
  
    
      December 1, 1993
      Dear:
      Birthdays are a time for celebration - a time to reflect on the past
      and anticipate the future. The 90th birthday of the Indiana University
      School of Medicine is no different. From a modest beginning to its rank
      today as one of the best academic medical centers in the nation,
      Indiana's only medical school boasts a proud heritage. It has educated
      two out of every three Hoosier physicians, treated hundreds of thousands
      of Hoosier patients, and participated in research breakthroughs which
      have advanced medical care far beyond Indiana's borders.
      Take a moment to share a few 90th birthday reflections. School of
      Medicine researchers and physicians have: developed treatments that
      turned a 90 percent mortality rate for testicular cancer into a 90
      percent cure rate; pioneered echocardiography, we use of sound waves for
      detecting heart disease; shared in developing "smart" pacemakers, which
      monitor heart rhythm and automatically shock the heart when it develops
      irregularities; founded the world's first DNA bank, preserving genetic
      material for future study and diagnosis; pinpointed the defective gene in
      Huntington's disease and one type of Alzheimer's disease; and spearheaded
      the use of many New treatments for critically ill children, including
      infant heart transplant and special therapies for cancer.
      The work goes on. Soon we will construct a clinical cancer research
      and treatment building and a basic cancer research facility .Our heart
      researchers continue to improve methods of heart transplantation and
      treatments for arrhythmias and atherosclerosis. We are expanding
      diagnostic and treatment abilities with our new PET scanner. Our
      pediatric physicians are studying birth defects, childhood cancers, blood
      disorders, and bone marrow Transplant techniques, and our medical and
      molecular genetics research continues to unravel genetic mysteries.
      But adequate funding is an ongoing concern. Of the nearly $300 million
      a year required to operate the School of Medicine, less than 20 percent
      comes from state dollars. Our teaching hospitals and research programs
      receive no state support. Only with the help of our philanthropic
      partners have we been able to achieve so much. Private gifts enable us to
      recruit top faculty and students and continue the programs which promise
      the best health care for generations to come. I invite you to continue to
      be one of those partners. Celebrate the School of Medicine's 90th
      birthday with us by renewing your annual gift to the Dean's Council. It
      will help assure our continuing work for many birthdays to come.
      Sincerely,
      Walter J. Daly, M.D. Dean, School of Medicine
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Indiana The State of Tomorrow's Medicine The Campaign for Indiana
      University School of Medicine
      July 21, 1994
      Dear Friend:
      Heralding ground breaking achievement is a delightful task. Indiana
      University has been at the forefront of discovery on many occasions and
      the School of Medicine has been a tremendous contributor to the
      reputation of excellence Indiana University enjoys.
      Scientific investigation for the community's benefit is an integral
      part of the School of Medicine's mission. We take seriously our immense
      responsibility to push the boundaries of knowledge in our pursuit of new
      treatments and therapies for diseases that negatively impact the lives of
      many.
      In that regard, we enclose information highlighting an exciting
      achievement in cardiovascular medicine at the School of Medicine. The
      work by Loren I. Field, Ph.D., and his colleagues at the School was a
      cover story in a recent issue of Science - the preeminent journal
      recognizing benchmark research.
      One of the devastating consequences of heart disease is the
      irreparable damage it does to the heart muscle. When heart cells die,
      because of a heart attack or another cause, they cannot be repaired. The
      possibility of cardiac regeneration offers tremendous hope for the
      millions of patients who have suffered grave damage to their hearts.
      The research published in Science gives evidence of progress by
      documenting the first successful transplantation of functional heart
      cells into an animal model. These transplanted cells line up properly,
      make the correct connections and function just like native heart cells.
      Thus, the prospect of heart cell replacement, rather than a full heart
      transplant, may be in the foreseeable future. There is still much work to
      do, but, naturally, we are very proud of Dr. Field and his colleagues'
      pioneering work.
      Cardiovascular research has been an area of distinct strength at IU
      School of Medicine. The School's cardiologists, cardiovascular surgeons,
      and scientists have made significant advances through the years against
      the nation's number one killer. From the laboratory to the bedside, our
      physicians and scientists are dedicated to improving the care and
      treatment of patients suffering from cardiovascular disease. The research
      published in Science is additional evidence of our commitment to seeking
      new discoveries that will benefit many people.
      As you know, Indiana University School of Medicine is in the midst of
      a major fundraising campaign. A major component of the campaign is to
      support research activities like those of Dr. Field. In addition to
      funding work in cardiovascular medicine, the campaign will support
      initiatives in cancer, pediatrics, genetics, as well as increasing
      scholarship assistance and the School's endowment. Currently, over $75
      million has been raised toward the School's $130 million goal.
      If you would like additional information about the IU School of
      Medicine campaign or Dr. Field's research, please call 274-3270. Your
      interest in the School of Medicine is greatly appreciated.
      Sincerely,
      Mel Perelman, Ph.D. Walter J. Daly, M.D. General Campaign Chair
      Dean
      
    
  

  
  
    
      July 20, 1990
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. and Mrs. Name,
      I am writing to thank you for your past gifts to the IUPUI University
      Libraries and to ask you to renew that support. Let me give you an
      example of why your support is important.
      Last week an IUPUI student using indexing and abstracting tools in the
      library found references to articles which dealt precisely with the
      subject she had chosen for her term paper. Imagine her dismay when she
      discovered that the library did not own most of the journals. Many of the
      articles could be borrowed on inter- library loan but there was no
      guarantee that they would be here in time for her to complete the
      paper.
      Unfortunately, this is an all too common scenario. It is one the
      Libraries are trying very hard to eliminate, but the rapidly increasing
      price of materials makes the task difficult. That's why your past
      generosity to the IUPUI Libraries has been so appreciated!
      Your continued involvement is vital. Groundbreaking for the new
      library will be this summer. But this wonderful new building, with its
      21st Century computer resources will need the continued involvement of
      many friends like you --people who understand that a library is more than
      bricks, mortar, and good architecture.
      As you know, a library is a living resource, where the cultural
      history, the scientific discovery, and the philosophical dialogue of a
      planet is gathered for active exploration and study. For the IUPUI
      University Libraries to have collections, access, and services which meet
      your expectations requires friends and partners both inside the
      University and throughout the community, state and nation.
      With your assistance, the Libraries will be able to provide more
      journals, more computerized databases for locating vital information, and
      more equipment for rapid access to the computerized catalog and
      indexes.
      I ask you to join me in renewing your pledge of support to the
      University Libraries at IUPUI, and to consider increasing that
      contribution. At whatever level you may contribute, your gift will make a
      difference to all the present and future users of the libraries, and will
      foster continued excellence at IUPUI.
      Sincerely,
      Howard G. Schaller, Professor Emeritus IU School of Business Former
      Dean of the Faculties, IUPUI
      P.S. The IUPUI University Libraries belong to you and every Indiana
      citizen. You can make sure they do their job when you make your gift to
      help them provide the very best in collections and services!
      HGS/cm
    
  

  
  
    
      April 6, 1992
      Dear Club Member
      It is time for the proverbial LAST CALL! Please do not slide on to our
      "lapsed donor" list. We greatly value you and your continued support of
      the IUPUI Metros.
      Membership renewals have generated more than $26.000 to date - our
      goal is $32.500. We need you!
      By May 1, we must conclude membership renewal options for 1991
      contributors. Although renewals will certainly be accepted after that
      date, as will new members, annual benefits will have been reduced by more
      than four months.
      Upcoming events you'll not want to miss include:
      .All-Sports Award Program April 26 .Golf Outing June 3 .Gus Macker at
      IUPUI June 13-14 .White River Park State Games July 17-19 .Reds v.
      Dodgers August 12
      Contingent on approval, IUPUI will be competing in the NCAA beginning
      with the 1993-94 season.
      Enclosed once again is a membership application form and a business
      reply envelope. Please use them. You are vital to our success.
      Should you have extenuating circumstances, require special attention,
      or just need assistance, we'll do almost anything to accommodate you.
      Please call if you have questions or comments (921-7300). Thank you.
      Sincerely yours,
      Michael A. Carroll President
      Enclosures
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Club Member:
      Your annual membership in the IUPUI Metro Athletic Club for 1991 is
      renewable now. Please recall that we are on a January 1 - December 31
      calendar year basis, having made that transition beginning with 1990.
      We cannot afford to lose your valuable financial support and hope you
      might consider an increase in your personal or corporate gift for 1991.
      Your contributions help fund athlete scholarships ($5,000 = one student
      per year), awards, special events, program advertising and membership
      activities.
      The Club raised more than $70,000 to assist IUPUI intercollegiate
      athletics in 1990. As IUPUI moves to join the Big League (NCAA) in
      1992-93, our fund-raising goal will be $100,000 per year and a net
      increase of 125 new members annually.
      A new membership brochure will be mailed to you under separate! cover
      within the next few weeks. Contribution categories are:
      Red and Gold ($2,500 and above)
      Champion ($1,000-$2,499)
      Sponsor ($500-$999)
      Century ($100-$499)
      Metro ($50-$99)
      IUPUI students may join through a new $25-$49 level contribution.
      Please use the enclosed business reply envelope and make your tax
      deductible contribution by check to the I.U. Foundation/Metro Athletic
      Club. If you have questions or suggestions, please call either myself
      (924-5471) or Bob Lovell (274-0622) today. Thank you!
      Sincerely yours,
      Michael A. Carroll President
      MAC/je
      Enclosures
    
  

  
  
    
      Friends of the Free Library of Philadelphia
      The Friends of the Free Library is an independent organization that
      works to support the Free Library of Philadelphia through increasing
      public awareness, advocating before elected officials and supporting the
      growth of the library in all its activities. The Friends operate at two
      levels -the Citywide Friends and the Branch Friends -and you can become
      active at either one or both levels.
      You become a member of the Citywide Friends of the Free Library as a
      benefit of giving $25 or more annually to the Free Library Foundation,
      and you can also join the Branch Friends in your neighborhood by paying a
      nominal membership fee at your local branch.
      The Citywide Friends consist of more than 8,000 book lovers and
      library users who support the Free Library and participate in its
      programs. Friends' programs such as Young Library Leaders and the Love is
      Reading Together Week target young people and instill library habits at
      an early age. The Friends run a bookstore that has some of the best
      bargains in the city for new and used books.
      As a member of the Citywide Friends of the Free Library you will
      receive a quarterly newsletter informing you of library events and
      legislative issues. You will also receive a discount at the bookstore.
      Many Friends volunteer in the Library.
      With your contribution to the Library, you will become a member of the
      Citywide Friends. We also encourage you to investigate and join your
      neighborhood Branch Friends group. For your convenience, there is a list
      of all 54 neighborhood branches on the opposite side.
      Branch Friends organizations are close-knit groups that provide
      volunteers, help plan programs and raise money for special needs of their
      local library. Membership fees in Branch Friends groups are quite low;
      and the activities are very rewarding. You can become a Branch Friend at
      your local branch.
      Branch Friends groups are organized into a coalition called the
      Alliance of Friends to provide mutual support and address issues that
      affect all branches.
      You can make a contribution to the Free Library and become a member of
      the Citywide Friends with the attached form. Contributions are made
      through the Free Library of Philadelphia Foundation, which raises funds
      for the Library.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear
      The BA becomes a BAJ next year.
      That's the plan for the School of Journalism's independence. We're
      moving from the College of Arts and Sciences. More than ever we will be a
      school within the university, with our own identity and academic mission.
      And yet within change there will be continuity. I want to assure you that
      we'll remain a close partner of the College of Arts and Sciences. We'll
      insist even more on the vital importance of the liberal arts for
      journalism majors. An IU-educated journalist will understand the ties
      that bind the profession to the knowledge of the past, the problems and
      issues of the present, the ideas of the future.
      In 1729 Benjamin Franklin said a journalist ought to be qualified with
      an extensive acquaintance with languages, a great easiness and command of
      writing and relating things clearly and intelligibly, and, in a few
      words, he should be able to speak of war both by land and sea, be well
      acquainted with geography, with the history of the time, with the several
      interests of princes and states, the secrets of courts, and the manners
      and customs of all nations. The essence of journalism education hasn't
      changed in 260 years. It's only more expensive.
      You can help. And you know that line was coming. But yes, you can
      help. Indeed, I hope you will help.
      We need scholarships to inspire and reward the best students. We need
      resources to recruit and develop outstanding teachers. We need books and
      newspapers and journals to create the climate of learning Franklin
      required. We need computers and cameras so students can master the tools
      of their profession.
      You, our alumni and friends, have helped put this School at the
      forefront of journalism education in this country. As we become
      independent, please help us strengthen the distinction of your degree.
      And please help us make our BAJ equal to the challenges of the 21st
      Century.
      As always, we are grateful for your support.
      Trevor R. Brown Dean
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Friend:
      The Indiana Historical Society comprises a diverse group of members
      who share the characteristics of intelligence, curiosity and pride in our
      state's history. That is also true of famous Hoosiers such as James
      Whitcomb Riley, Eugene V. Debs and Madam C.J. Walker. Their stories
      provide a glimpse into the wonderful world of Indiana history-a world
      that, through its mission, the Indiana Historical Society has been
      dedicated to collecting, preserving and promoting since 1830.
      The Indiana Historical Society would like you to become a member.
      The advantages of membership begin now! By joining the Indiana
      Historical Society today as a $50 sustaining member you will be rewarded
      with a $10 Gift Certificate to spend as you like on Society books or
      merchandise. And, as an added thank you from the Society, select a
      complimentary book or cassette with your $50 sustaining membership or
      with your $30 annual membership.
      Enjoy the benefits of membership year round.
      As a member of the Indiana Historical Society you can receive any or
      all of its regular publications:
      The award-winning illustrated history magazine -Traces of Indiana and
      Midwestern History; the scholarly journal- Indiana Magazine of History;
      the family history publication -The Hoosier Genealogist; and the Hoosier
      African-American history newsletter- Black History News & Notes.
      As a member you will also receive the bimonthly newsletter, The
      Bridge, and you will be invited to join in workshops, conferences,
      lectures and other special events. Members receive discounts on Society
      products and publications available through regular catalogs and at the
      History Market gift shop" located at our beautiful Society
      headquarters.
      As a member of the Society your membership dollars help support
      important educational programs and activities in Indiana classrooms,
      museums and communities that preserve and promote our heritage. You can
      also enjoy changing exhibits and family programs held at the Society
      headquarters. As a member of the Society your membership dollars help
      support important educational programs and activities in Indiana
      classrooms, museums and communities that preserve and promote our
      heritage. You can also enjoy changing exhibits and family programs held
      at the Society headquarters and explore history in our state-of-the-art
      research library. You, along with other caring members, will be helping
      the effort to preserve and promote our state's proud heritage.
      Participate in our annual celebration!
      Each July we celebrate our state's heritage at the Society's Hoosier
      History Festival. This year the Hoosier History Festival will be held on
      July 22 from 10 AM to 6 PM and will feature musical, dance and theatrical
      performances, children's activities, historical re enactors and
      storytellers, historical displays and much more. You won't want to miss
      the fun. This festival promises as much excitement as last year's Grand
      Opening celebration, when we welcomed 14,000 visitors to our new
      headquarters!
      Become a Society member today!
      If you enjoy reading the stories in the enclosed brochure, there is an
      excellent chance that you will enjoy membership in the Indiana Historical
      Society. There has never been a better time to join than right now. The
      Society offers more opportunities than ever before to learn about Indiana
      history in fun and interactive ways. You can play an important role in
      preserving Indiana's history by being an active supporter of the
      Society's mission.
      Start enjoying the benefits of Society membership today by completing
      and returning the enclosed reply card. Don't forget to choose your free
      gift when selecting your preferred membership level. The Indiana
      Historical Society is missing only one important component...you!
      We hope you will join us.
      Dianne J. Cartmel
      Chairman of the Board of Trustees
      Peter T. Hastad
      Executive Director
      A membership in the Indiana Historical Society makes a unique and
      thoughtful gift for many occasions and at any time of year. Remember,
      whether you are joining for yourself or someone else, be sure to select
      your free book or cassette as our thank you for joining the Society.
    
  

  
  
    
      May 30, 2000
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Thank you for your membership in the Second Century Society. Your
      leadership in supporting the Indianapolis Museum of Art (IMA) is helping
      propel the Museum to the top tier of American museums!
      Already the IMA has joined the select ranks of American museums with
      major collections of paintings from Japan's celebrated Edo period. The
      landmark acquisition in December of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls
      and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the IMA's
      permanent collection of world art. It continues the momentum of the 1998
      acquisition of 101 paintings and prints by Paul Gauguin and the School of
      Pont-Aven, and the 1999 announcements of the promised gifts of the Glick
      Collection of contemporary glass and the Clowes Collection of 100 works
      by European Old Masters.
      Restoration of the Oldfields Estate, the Museum's largest work of art,
      progresses. With the reopening of the Ravine Garden in May 1999,
      attention has now shifted to Lilly House. When finished, the Lilly House
      interior will reflect the quiet grandeur of its 1930s appearance during
      the early era of the Josiah K. Lilly Jr. family's occupancy.
      Dialogue with representatives of the city and other civic and
      community organizations regarding the IMA's development of the Art &
      Nature Park continues. Even now, the potential for different types of art
      that may be exhibited in the Park, and the range of educational programs
      and community events that may be offered promise to expand the horizons
      of our visitors.
      To build and maintain these three major art experiences for your
      enjoyment and the enjoyment of all visitors, we seek your continued
      camaraderie and financial support. Last year, 17% of the Museum's
      operating budget came from loyal donors' contributions. Even with the
      continuing generosity of donors, the Museum has programs and operations
      that go unfunded each year.
      As you may be aware, your annual Second Century Society membership
      expires on 6/30/2000. A contribution at your current level of $1,250.00
      sustains your membership in the T .C. Steele Circle. (For your
      convenience, we enclose a Second Century Society brochure and response
      card.)
      As the Museum's closest friends, your Second Century Society
      investment continues the high quality of all aspects of the Museum and
      makes new achievements possible. If you have questions or need additional
      assistance, please reach Arletta Newton, donor relations coordinator, at
      317.923.1331, ext. 248.
      Sincerely
      John L. Krauss Trustee and Chairman, Development Committee
      Enclosures/
      
    
  

  
  
    
      April 27, 2000
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      I received the good news you are interested in receiving information
      on the Indianapolis Museum of Art's Second Century Society (SCS). The
      Second Century Society brochure I am enclosing will give you an
      understanding of the significance and activities of this group, as well
      as listing the specific benefits awarded to donors at the six Circles or
      levels of giving.
      In additional materials I am sending you will find traditional
      background information on the Museum and news (in the Previews magazines)
      of our latest developments, scheduled programs, and special
      exhibitions.
      These are exciting times at the Indianapolis Museum of Art: Our Corot
      to Picasso Special Exhibition, through April, is a great complement to
      our existing collection. There is tremendous momentum building as our
      recently-acquired Japanese Paintings are readied for a May 17 inaugural
      viewing for SCS members, Trustees, special guests, and dignitaries.
      (Please see The New York Times article I have included.) And, our grounds
      this Spring day are abloom with thousands of flowers and trees. The
      Indianapolis Museum of Art, with a one hundred fifty-acre parklike
      campus, is one of the largest museums in the United States.
      Our extraordinary permanent collection, facility, and grounds, we
      understand full well, would not be possible without the philanthropic
      support of civic-minded men and women. In joining SCS, you join the ranks
      of those who believe that bringing art and art education to the city
      makes life better, richer, and more rewarding for the entire
      community.
      A Second Century Society response card and return envelope are
      enclosed. Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any
      way, please call me: 317.923.1331, ext. 248.
      Sincerely,
      ARLETT A B. NEWTON Donor Relations Coordinator Enclosures/
      
    
  

  
  
    
      May 30, 2000
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Just as the Indianapolis Museum of Art's (IMA's) year 2000 is filled
      with exciting developments, so, too, are your opportunities as Trustees
      for the Museum. As advocates throughout the community devoting your time,
      talent, and resources, you help ensure the IMA's success in realizing its
      new vision to join the ranks of the top tier of American museums.
      Already the IMA has joined the select ranks of American museums with
      major collections of paintings from Japan's celebrated Edo period. The
      landmark acquisition in December of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls
      and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the IMA's
      permanent collection of world art. It continues the momentum of the 1998
      acquisition of 101 paintings and prints by Paul Gauguin and the School of
      Pont-Aven, and the 1999 announcements of the promised gifts of the Glick
      Collection of contemporary glass and the Clowes Collection of l00 works
      by European Old Masters.
      Restoration of the Oldfields Estate, the Museum's largest work of art,
      progresses. With the reopening of the Ravine Garden in May 1999,
      attention has now shifted to Lilly House. When finished, the Lilly House
      interior will reflect the quiet grandeur of its 1930s appearance during
      the early era of the Josiah K. Lilly Jr. family's occupancy.
      Dialogue with representatives of the city and other civic and
      community organizations regarding the IMA's development of the Art &
      Nature Park continues. Even now, the potential for different types of art
      that may be exhibited in the Park, and the range of educational programs
      and community events that may be offered promise to expand the horizons
      of our visitors.
      No matter which of the IMA's three major art experiences you prefer,
      we depend on our Trustees' depth of commitment to the institution to
      build and maintain it. Last year, 17% of the Museum's operating budget
      came from loyal donors' contributions. Even with the continuing
      generosity of donors, the Museum has programs and operations that go
      unfunded each year.
      As you may be aware, your annual Second Century Society membership
      expires on 6/30/2000. A contribution at your current level of $10,000.00
      sustains your membership in the J.M. W. Turner Circle. (For your
      convenience, we enclose a Second Century Society brochure and response
      card.)
      Thank you for your service and financial support of the Indianapolis
      Museum of Art! Your investment continues the high quality of all aspects
      of the Museum and makes new achievements possible. If you have questions
      or need additional assistance, please reach Arletta Newton, donor
      relations coordinator, at 317.283.1331, ext. 248.
      Sincerely,
      John L. Krauss Trustee and Chairman, Development Committee
      
    
  

  
  
    
      June 6, 2000
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Pat LaCrosse asked me to send this information inviting you to join
      the Georgia O'Keeffe Circle of the Indianapolis Museum of Art's Second
      Century Society (SCS). The SCS brochure I am enclosing will give you the
      historic significance of SCS, as well as listing activities and specific
      benefits awarded to donors at the Georgia O'Keeffe level. Your Georgia
      O'Keeffe membership, please note, includes free admission to all
      art-related activities of the IMA's Young Friends of Art group.
      Additionally, I am sending traditional background materials on the
      Museum and the two latest issues of our Previews Magazine detailing
      upcoming events, exhibitions, and educational programs.
      These are particularly exciting times at the Indianapolis Museum of
      Art: Progress continues on the J.K. Lilly estate-Oldfields, our Ravine
      Garden has been restored to its original splendor, and there is national
      attention showered on our current exhibition of Japanese Painting.
      (please see The New York Times article I have included.) With thousands
      of trees and flowers in bloom, we are having a beautiful Spring!
      Our extraordinary permanent collection, facility, and grounds, we
      understand full well, would not be possible without the philanthropic
      support of civic-minded men and women. In joining SCS, you join the ranks
      of those who believe that bringing art and art education to the city
      makes life better, richer, and more rewarding for the entire
      community.
      A Second Century Society response card and return envelope are
      enclosed. Should you have questions or if I can be of assistance in any
      way, please call me: 317.923.1331, ext. 248.
      Sincerely,
      ARLETTA B.NEWTON Donor Relations Coordinator Enclosures/
      P .S. Both our Barefoot in the Grass family picnic (July 23,2000) and
      the annual SCS Founders Day celebration (October 11,2000) are free for
      Georgia O'Keeffe members. Mark your calendars!
      
    
  

  
  
    
      November 18, 1999
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. Forest:
      Thank you for supporting the Indianapolis Museum of Art in 1999. As
      our fiscal year ends on December 31, 1999, we recognize the support you
      have demonstrated for the museum through your membership or by attending
      one the museum's special exhibitions this year.
      According to our records, you have not yet participated in the IMA's
      Annual Giving Campaign. Your gift will help the museum prevent a
      projected operating shortfall of $56,000. The size of your gift is not as
      important as participation from all museum members and friends.
      Your gift to the Annual Giving Campaign will help by:
      Offsetting the cost of operating the museum, currently about $30,000 a
      day, and keeping the Indianapolis Museum of Art experience accessible to
      the more than 400,000 annual visitors.
      Enhancing the museum-school partnership. The IMA is a city leader in
      delivering Distance Learning via video conferencing. In addition, the
      Community Connection program uses a diverse group of high school students
      to take the IMA's permanent collection to schools, nursing homes and
      community centers throughout the state. These programs have provided many
      young people with a strong foundation for future museum experiences-
      Daily maintenance and upkeep of the museum's property including;
      grounds, gardens, nature paths, fountains, bridges and roads. With
      hundreds of plants, flowers, and trees, your gift supports the natural
      beauty of the museum's 150- acre park -like campus-
      Attracting special touring exhibitions such as The Fantasy World of
      Maurice Sendai (now through January 30) and Corrupt to Picas: European
      Masterworks from the Smith College Museum of Art (February 13 through
      April 30, 2000).
      From negotiating art loans from museums nationally and internationally
      to purchasing teacher kits, flowering shrubs, and even lightbulbs -your
      gift to the Annual Campaign makes possible all you do and see at the
      IMA.
      As one of the many cultural organizations that will appeal to you for
      year-end operating support, I hope you will reflect on what the museum
      means to you, your family, the community, teachers and students who value
      its presence in central Indiana and make your pledge accordingly.
      Respond by Thursday, December 9 and we will recognize your support
      with a reception on Saturday, December 11, 1999.
      Following the Holiday Concert at 2:00 p.m. by the Chamber Brass Choir,
      there will be seasonal cookies and punch in Herron Hall for all Annual
      Campaign donors.
      Browse the museum shops for a unique holiday gift or explore the
      museum's Madeline F. Elder Greenhouse for holiday decorating ideas.
      Don't miss the IMA's special exhibition calendar for December
      including Romance of Real Lace -featuring 30 pieces drawn from the IMA's
      extensive lace collection, considered one of the best in the country.
      The museum and grounds will be decorated with holiday lights.
      I appreciate your consideration and hope that you will participate in
      this year's Annual Campaign. Your support means so much! I will look for
      you on December 11th!
      Sincerely,
      Linda Hardwick Director of Development & Membership
      P. S. A tribute donation to the IMA makes a wonderful holiday gift.
      Simply complete the requested tribute information on the reply card and
      return it along with your check by December 6. We will send an
      acknowledgement to you, as well as a holiday card to the special person
      on your shopping list.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Winter 1998
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name:
      Please join me in supporting the Indianapolis Museum of Art's 1998
      Annual Operating Campaign. Your financial investment allows the museum to
      present outstanding special exhibitions, educational programs for
      children and adults, classic films, exciting concerts, horticulture
      study, in-depth lectures, family festivals and so much more.
      We are proud of all that was accomplished in 1998, but we still have
      $120,000 to raise in order to meet this year's annual operating goal and
      to ensure programs and special exhibitions already scheduled for 1999.
      Your pledge of support is vital. Only by meeting our financial goals by
      December 31 can we be sure that necessary repairs, art exhibitions and
      educational programs continue to meet your expectations. If we begin our
      new fiscal year with a deficit, this will be a real challenge.
      As we continue our year-end fund raising, we are preparing many events
      for you and your family to enjoy this winter including our traditional
      holiday musical concerts and family holiday studio activities,
      storytelling and children' s gift making. Whether you browse the IMA gift
      shop for a unique holiday gift, enjoy lunch with a friend at The Garden
      on the Green, or introduce a friend or co-worker to the splendor of the
      Lilly Pavilion bedecked for the season, the IMA is a beautiful place for
      holiday entertaining.
      Your support of the museum's Annual Campaign makes all that you see
      and do at the IMA possible. Every gift, regardless of the amount, is
      important as we work toward meeting 1998's goal. Participation from all
      museum members is crucial. I hope you will spend some time at the IMA
      this holiday season, and thank you for your support of the Annual
      Operating Campaign.
      Sincerely,
      Don E. Marsh 1998 Annual Campaign Chair
      P.S. The IMA 's Development Committee will match all pledges received
      by December 31, 1998 dollar-for-dollar. Your gift at this time may
      provide you with additional year-end tax benefits.
    
  

  
  
    
      December 10, 1999
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. and Mrs. Name:
      Each year the IMA' s Annual Campaign provides nearly one-third of the
      museum's $11million operating budget. As in years past, nearly all of the
      $3 million in private support comes from members and friends of the
      museum, just like you. I hope that you will remember the IMA as you plan
      your year-end charitable giving.
      Your support is a vote of confidence in the ongoing work of the
      Indianapolis Museum of Art. From docent-led tours to art instruction
      delivered via satellite, your support is critical. Whether you enjoy the
      magnificent grounds, lunch in the cafe, summer concerts or a classic film
      on the terrace, you see the result of your Annual Campaign gift.
      Through the end of the year, the IMA's gift to you is a wonderful
      special exhibition for the young and young at heart featuring The Fantasy
      World of Maurice Sendak. Musical performances are many throughout this
      holiday season including an encore performance of Carols in the Courtyard
      as presented by the Christ Church Cathedral Choir.
      If your check has crossed this letter in the mail, thank you for
      supporting the 1999 Annual Campaign. Your support helps make everything
      you see and do at the IMA possible.
      Sincerely,
      Linda Hardwick Director of Development and Membership
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Date
      Dear Name:
      When the IMA unveiled Corot to Picasso: European Masterworks from the
      Smith College Museum of Art on February 13, it was be due in part to your
      support of the Museum through the Annual Campaign. Our special exhibition
      features a collection formed with an ambitious aim -to document the
      development of modem art. See Corot to Picasso now through April 30.
      When you support the Annual Campaign, your contribution affects every
      area Museum operations from grounds, building maintenance, and security
      to educational programs and touring exhibitions like Corot to Picasso.
      Your Annual Campaign contribution provides comprehensive support.
      In appreciation for your contribution $100 or more to the campaign,
      you and a guest are invited to attend a special reception on Thursday,
      March 23,2000 from 5:30- 8:00 PM in Herron Hall. Enjoy a wine and cheese
      reception following a docent-led tour of Corot to Picasso.
      Please consider increasing your Annual Campaign gift to $100 and join
      us for a special evening on March 23rd that recognizes your support of
      special exhibitions - mounted at the IMA for you and because of your
      support.
      If you have any questions or require further information about the
      Annual Campaign, please call me at 317.923.1331 extension 258. Thank you
      for your generous support of the Indianapolis Museum of Art.
      Sincerely,
      Linda Hardwick Director of Development & Membership
      P.S. Join us as we recognize your support of special exhibition
      -presented at the IMA for you and because of your support. Reservations
      are required. RSVP by March 30, 2000 to 317.923.1331, extension 268.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Mr. and Mrs. Name:
      Would it surprise you to learn that some important people like
      Rembrandt, Rodin, Rubens, Seurat, Picasso, Cezanne, Van Gogh, and
      O'Keeffe, rely on your support of the museum's Annual Operating Campaign?
      Your contribution helps to conserve and protect these artists' great
      masterworks. And now, the permanent collection continues its reputation
      of national importance with recently acquired works from the Samuel
      Josefowitz collection, featuring the work of Paul Gauguin
      (1848-1904).
      Enjoy the inaugural viewing of Gauguin and The School of Pont-Aven:
      The Samuel Josefowitz Collection through August 1. This important
      exhibition features 101 paintings and prints by Paul Gauguin and the
      followers who gathered around him nearly a century ago in the French
      village of Pont-Aven. View this impressive collection, installed in its
      entirety.
      " ...Vibrant color, decorative patterns, and vivid images. The
      paintings of Pont-Aven offer a superb look at a fresh and powerful
      approach to painting" IMA Chief Curator, Ellen Lee.
      The paintings and prints come from the renowned collection of Swiss
      entrepreneur, Samuel Josefowitz, considered one of the world's foremost
      art collectors. This group of works establishes the IMA as the leading
      American museum featuring art of the Pont-Aven School. Your support of
      the museum's Annual Operating Campaign helps to attract significant works
      to the collection and present community-wide special exhibitions.
      Your gift to the Annual Operating Campaign helps to offset costs
      associated with presenting art that educates and inspires all people of
      central Indiana. When you give $150 or more, you will be invited to
      attend an exclusive Gauguin Director's Reception on Thursday, May 6 from
      6 to 8 p.m. IMA Director, Bret Waller, welcomes you with refreshments
      followed by a special docent - led tour of the Gauguin collection.
      I hope you will support the museum's Annual Operating Campaign.
      Through your generous gift you verify the importance of the Indianapolis
      Museum of Art to the community and to your life.
      Sincerely,
      Linda Hardwick Director of Development & Membership
      PS: To attend the IMA's Gauguin Director's Reception, your gift must
      be received no later than Tuesday, May 4, 1999.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      October 5, 1998
      {Formal Name} {address} {city, state, zip }
      Dear {Greeting},
      As a child growing up in the 5O's, one of my happiest memories was
      attending Civic Theatre productions. I remember admiring the many talents
      of the men, women and children who performed on stage. I was especially
      enamored by the children's productions. Here were kids my own age,
      demonstrating such great talent. I was in awe.
      Since that time, Indianapolis has grown in many ways. Many more arts
      and cultural opportunities exist in Indianapolis, yet none finer than
      Civic Theatre. Since 1914, Civic has maintained its uniqueness by staying
      true to its mission:
      .To provide a professional atmosphere for many talented community
      actors to hone and perfect their skills.
      .To consistently produce outstanding live entertainment.
      .To offer a year-round, theatre-based educational program, hat gives
      children of all ages an opportunity to explore their natural
      creativity.
      Conceived 85 years ago as The Little Theatre Society of Indiana, the
      Indianapolis Civic Theatre introduced community theatre to the city.
      Thousands of participants as actors, audience members, production crew,
      costume and set constructors, ushers and donors contributed to and still
      support the continuous success of the theatre.
      Your contribution has been important to Civic Theatre, and I hope you
      will continue your support again this year. For your convenience, a reply
      card and return envelope are enclosed.
      To assist you with your contribution, please feel free to call Kathy
      Dannels, Director of Development, at 924-6770 ext. 207.
      Sincerely,
      Katie Mothershead Kruse Annual Campaign Chair
      P. S. Your gift is important to our celebration of 85 years making the
      Indianapolis Civic Theatre the oldest continuously operating community
      theatre in the country.
    
  

  
  
    
      October 5,1998
      {Formal Name} {address} {city, state, zip}
      Dear {Greeting},
      In 1914, several business and community leaders met to form the first
      community theatre in Indiana, which has matured into the Indianapolis
      Civic Theatre. In their enlightened self-interest, they supported this
      fledgling organization, knowing it would benefit the city as a whole.
      Since that time, the city has grown in many ways. We all enjoy the
      flavorful blend of arts, sports and cultural opportunities in central
      Indiana, with Civic Theatre among the finest in its class. Civic has
      maintained its legacy, staying true to its mission to:
      Consistently produce outstanding live entertainment.
      Provide a professional atmosphere for many talented community actors
      to hone and perfect their skills.
      Offer a year-round, theatre-based educational program that gives
      children of all ages an opportunity to explore their natural
      creativity!
      Conceived 85 years ago as The Little Theatre Society of Indiana, the
      Indianapolis Civic Theatre introduced community theatre to the city.
      Thousands of participants as actors, audience members, production crew,
      costume and set constructors, ushers and donors contributed to and still
      support the continuous success of the theatre.
      Your contribution has been important to Civic Theatre, and I hope you
      will continue in the tradition of enlightened self-interest with your
      support again this year. For your convenience, a reply card and return
      envelope are enclosed.
      To assist you with your contribution, please feel free to call Kathy
      Dannels, Director of Development, at 924-6770 ext. 207.
      Sincerely,
      Rollin M. Dick Corporate Campaign Chair
      Your gift is important to the celebration of our 85th season. The
      Indianapolis Civic Theatre is the oldest continuously operating community
      theatre in the country.
    
  

  
  
    
      <Name> <Address> <City State Zip>
      Dear <Name>:
      We have a picture with a missing piece...
      The Indianapolis Civic Theatre is presenting its 84th season of
      outstanding live performance providing an essential element to the
      community's cultural tapestry.
      Many important pieces fit together to create Civic's complete picture
      season after season:
      The finest artistic talent of avocational actors in the community
      Established educational and youth programs A loyal audience from all over
      Central Indiana A tradition of professional production quality The most
      generous support any community theatre could hope for
      Civic's revenue comes from full houses, workshop and program tuitions,
      facility rental, foundations, corporate sponsors and individual
      contributions from supporters like you.
      Your (continuous) gift completes the picture!
      Sincerely yours,
      Patricia G. Rooney Kathryn M. Dannels Board of Trustees/Development
      Chairman Director of Development
    
  

  
  
    
      September 1, 1995
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Name,
      I am sure that you are aware of the uncertainty many arts
      organizations are currently facing in regard to future funding. As a
      member of the Board of Trustees of the Indianapolis Civic Theatre, I
      believe that the dilemma we're faced with is not how we can afford to
      continue our programming at its current level of excellence, but rather
      how we can rally the community to support these efforts that only serve
      to enhance the cultural splendor of our city and provide educational
      outlets for our children.
      The Indianapolis Civic Theatre has entertained her audiences with
      professionally-produced plays and musicals for 82 years while providing
      an arena for our city's exceptional talent, but that is certainly not the
      extent of it. Youth-oriented programs like Junior Civic, Kid Connection
      and the Young Adults Summer Musical provide unequaled educational
      opportunities to children throughout Indiana who may not otherwise have
      exposure to the performing arts. The impact of these programs on the
      children involved is immeasurable.
      I've enclosed a brochure which explains in more detail the many worthy
      efforts of the Indianapolis Civic Theatre, as well as a pledge card and
      return envelope in hope that you will join me in supporting the Theatre's
      mission. Furthermore, I hope you'll agree with me in that your continued
      support of the arts is an investment in the cultural heritage of our city
      and state. I'll look forward to hearing from you.
      Sincerely yours,
      Bubba Tarkington Trustee
      enclosures
    
  

  
  
    
      I have a place where dreams are born And time is never planned; It's
      not on any chart You must find it with your heart Never never land.
      Dear,
      As I settle into my first season as artistic director of one of
      Indiana's most treasured institutions, the Civic Theatre embarks on her
      82nd year with a heritage built on dreams. The title of "the oldest
      continuously-operating community theatre in the nation" means that
      through prosperity and depression, war and peace, through the best and
      worst of times, Civic has continued to produce quality, family
      entertainment for our community. Also, since the 1940's, Junior Civic has
      been instilling in children an appreciation not just for the arts, but
      for the dreams of which theatre is made.
      I made my Indianapolis debut as a stage director a month ago with
      Inherit the Wind, a classic of the American stage, attended by more than
      5,500 junior high and high school students. My second production at Civic
      wi11 be Peter Pan, a tribute to children, and we're expecting at least
      6,000 such youngsters to attend. The board and staff of Civic Theatre
      believe that the future of the arts is in the hands of these little
      people, and we strive to insure the future of live theatre with programs
      like the Holiday Family Production, the Student Matinee Series, the Young
      Adult Summer Musical, Junior Civic programs and Kid Connection.
      I hope that the theatre is still as important to this community as it
      was in 1913 when a group of dreamers got together to begin the legacy
      that is now the Booth Tarkington Civic Theatre of Indianapolis. I hope
      that dreams of flying and pirates and fairy-dust are still part of the
      magic of childhood. And, I hope that you will support the artistic and
      educational efforts of Civic Theatre again this year.
      Yours sincerely,
      Robert Sorbera Artistic Director
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear
      Let's face it...life isn't what it used to be. Email...cellular
      phones...pagers...the Internet. Technology, although seemingly
      indispensable, has caused us to go into hyperspeed. Looking for a little
      balance?
      Imagine yourself as the lights dim...there's a hush among the
      audience, the music starts, the curtain rises-/he magic begins. Sit,
      relax and take it in. You're at the Indianapolis Civic Theatre.
      For patrons, artists, students and actors, Civic provides the best in
      professionally produced amateur productions in our community, and one of
      the best in the nation. And we've been doing it for more than 85
      years.
      In addition to our acclaimed Mainstage performances, your community
      theatre:
      Serves local theatre artists, technicians and aspiring students of
      performing arts with artistic leadership, masterful technical elements
      and exciting camaraderie allowing volunteer actors and technical crew
      members to stretch in a professional atmosphere and nurture their
      talents;
      Operates Junior Civic, a quickly expanding year-round education
      program that provides a nurturing environment for theatrical education
      for children ages preschool to high school. Junior Civic children
      practice skills, build creativity, and develop self-confidence as well as
      an appreciation for the performing arts.
      We are only able to provide these programs because of your
      support.
      Your gift of $[ ] helped us fulfill our mission to serve the
      community. Thank You! I hope you'll consider renewing your support with a
      gift of $[ ], $[ ], or even $[] to Civic's Annual Operating Campaign.
      Through your generous support you verify the importance of the
      Indianapolis Civic Theatre to the community it serves.
      Sincerely,
      Kathryn M. Dannels Director of Development
      P.S. The magic of the Indianapolis Civic Theatre touches the lives of
      children, talented volunteers, and the Indianapolis community! Please
      renew your support today for the opportunities and experiences your gift
      provides.
    
  

  
  
    
      It's a Girl! Born March 6, 2000, and weighing 201 pounds! In honor of
      our recent arrival become a proud parent of the Indianapolis Zoo's newest
      African Elephant, "Amali" which means hope. For $75, you will receive
      cuddly plush elephant (this one you get to keep at school), along with
      the following:
      + Official Amigo certificate + Photograph of the Kubwa & her baby
      girl + Fact sheet about the elephants + Recognition on the Animal Amigo
      Board in the Waters Building + Newsletter & releases about the baby +
      Elephant quiz
      Amigos make great gifts for those "hard-to-buy-for" people! Send to
      Indianapolis Zoo, 1200 W. Washington, Indianapolis, IN 46222 or call
      317/630-2925 if you have any questions.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear ,
      "Philanthropy is the rent we pay for the joy and privilege we have for
      our space on this earth." Jerold Panas
      I can only hope that you know how appreciative we at the Indianapolis
      Zoo are of your philanthropy! Indeed, your history of support of the
      Lowell Nussbaum Society pays much more than your "rent". It pays for the
      care, feeding, and housing of the thousands of plants and animals at the
      Zoo.
      Your support has made so many things possible! As a Nussbaum member
      you have helped us save endangered animals--and their homes. And you have
      helped us educate children and adults on the importance of caring for
      this earth--our home.
      Thank you for paying the rent!
      I hope you will renew your membership in the Lowell Nussbaum Society
      and, indeed, increase your gift to increased amount this year. We need
      your continued faith, involvement, and support as we strive to make the
      Indianapolis Zoo a place where animals, plants, and people are connected.
      Connected to each other and to you!
      Thank you again.
      Most sincerely,
      Meg Gammage-Tucker, Ph.D. Director of Institutional Advancement
      enclosures MGT/ewc
    
  

  
  
    
      May 3, 2000
      NEW ARRIVALS EVERY GIFT MAKES A DIFFERENCE!
      It's a girl! Born March 6,2000 and weighing in at 201 pounds. Our
      newest arrival is happy, healthy and progressing beautifully. Her name is
      "Amali" which means hope - and she is certainly a wonderful
      representative of the hope that IZS has to further conservation efforts
      for African elephants in Zoos and in the wild.
      The birth of this calf prompted a primetime television special aired
      on April 12th and again on April 21st at 8:30p.m. WRTV-6 produced this
      program filmed on location at the Indianapolis Zoo and Kenya, Africa.
      This special explores the issues facing African elephants in the wild and
      captivity and highlights a number of conservationists and their work. The
      program also explores some of the complexities and mystery surrounding
      these animals and why unlocking these mysteries may hold the key to their
      futures in zoos and in the wild.
      However, as the Indianapolis Zoological Society continues to grow-so
      does its need for financial and service support. IZS is a
      community-supported asset, funded entirely by admission fees,
      memberships, donated contributions and merchandise sales.
      Corporate donations are absolutely vital to the success of this
      institution. Your gift not only helps with the care of animal and plant
      collections and daily expenses of running the Zoo and Gardens, but also
      provides the needed funding of special projects like African elephant
      research and construction of new holding facilities. Your gift and mine
      will help to ensure that the Indianapolis Zoological Society continues to
      provide excellent programs, activities and facilities that contribute to
      the quality of life in this community.
      Thank you for your past support of IZS. Your last gift of "Amt" was
      greatly appreciated. We hope you will consider renewing your gift by
      filling out the enclosed brochure pledge card or by sending your
      contribution in the provided return envelope. (You may designate African
      elephants as your animal choice or choose any animal on the enclosed
      brochure list.)
      I hope you will consider renewing your partnership in the Corporate
      Partner Program in honor of our recent arrival, Amali!
      Sincerely,
      Kimberly Luppino Corporate Relations Manager
    
  

  
  
    
      May 3, 2000
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Mr. X,
      Thank you so much for calling me to ask about corporate partner
      opportunities with our organization. There are many ways to become
      involved with the Indianapolis Zoo and White River Gardens. Corporations
      are involved in a wide variety of projects that make a huge impact on our
      institution, including underwriting projects, marketing sponsorships,
      inkind donations, volunteer projects, etc. We strive to create good
      matches for our partners, projects that fit the company goals, themes and
      interests. Enclosed in this packet you will find information on our
      Society and a few different partnership options. I hope that you agree
      that the Indianapolis Zoological Society enhances this community and
      helps to make it a safe and happy environment for people to live, work
      and raise families.
      The mission of the Indianapolis Zoological Society is to provide
      recreational learning experiences for the citizens of Indiana through the
      exhibition and presentation of natural environments in a way to foster a
      sense of discovery, stewardship, and the need to preserve the Earth's
      plants and animals. In short, the Society is about connecting animals,
      plants and people. The wonderful connections formed each day are made
      possible through the support of Society operations.
      New in 1999 On June 13, 1999, The Indianapolis Zoological Society
      introduced a sister-institution to the Indianapolis Zoo. This unique Dow
      complex, White River Gardens, is an extraordinary facility that adds a
      beautiful cultural attraction to Indianapolis. It also provides the city,
      state and nation with a unique educational resource for garden design,
      plant material selection and plant husbandry (especially for those in the
      Zone 5 growing region). As gardening is the number one hobby in the
      United States, the White River Gardens will further the Society's mission
      by nourishing the vital connection between people and their natural
      landscapes.
      In July 1998 the Indianapolis Zoo announced a milestone in elephant
      conservation-the first conception of a female African elephant by
      artificial insemination. The 22 year-old virgin female named Kubwa was
      confirmed pregnant on July 24, 1998 by transrectal ultrasonography. The
      artificial insemination technique was developed in cooperation with the
      Institute for Zoo Biology and Wildlife Research in Berlin, Germany. The
      difficulties of the anatomical structure of elephants made what is
      considered a common procedure among domestic animals extremely
      problematic. The new technique was performed at the Zoo over Memorial Day
      weekend 1998. The gestation period for the African elephant is 22 months,
      which makes Kubwa's expected delivery date in March 2000. On January
      29,1999, the Zoo received the exciting news that a second elephant, 17
      year-old Ivory, had also conceived a calf. This calf is expected in
      September of2000. The significance of this wonderful news is that
      researchers now know that they have developed a technique that is both
      effective and replicable. This is extremely important to the long-term
      survival of elephants in human care, as well as the wild.
      Connection through Animals You can see almost 4,000 animals at the
      Indianapolis Zoo, but what you won't see are any cages. Our Zoo was
      designed using the concept of biomes, which simulate the natural habitats
      in which animals live. Creating natural habitats does more than enhance
      the beauty of the Zoo. It allows the animals to feel more relaxed and
      encourages their natural behaviors.
      Our keepers help to provide opportunities for increased foraging,
      environmental stimulation and social contact by using a wide array of
      scents, objects and food. Enrichment activities include hiding special
      treats like honey, or peanut butter, or giving animals blocks of ice,
      indestructible balls, or browse (leafy tree branches) with which to
      interact. Understanding an animal's natural behavior increases
      conservation opportunities, particularly captive breeding efforts of
      endangered species. The Species Survival Plan (SSP) is a cooperative
      population management and conservation program for selected species in
      zoos and aquariums. By keeping detailed records (stud books), zoo staff
      can make intelligent decisions on how to match individual animals to
      avoid inbreeding and maintain a healthy and genetically diverse captive
      population. Staff members of the Indianapolis Zoo coordinate the national
      SSP's for the African elephant, rock iguana (cyclura) and the ring-tailed
      lemur. The Indianapolis Zoo houses 13 SSP animals, 16 species that are
      endangered and 6 that are threatened.
      As mentioned earlier, research is another important component to the
      preservation of endangered species. The Indianapolis Zoo makes
      significant contributions with the global impact to a variety of species.
      Besides the incredible work with African elephants, we also contribute to
      the conservation of rare iguanas. A young boy in the Hellshire Hills near
      Kingston, found one specimen of Jamaican Iguana, thought to be extinct
      unti11990. There are now 80 living specimen in captivity at Hope Zoo in
      Jamaica. Internationally recognized for its successful breeding program
      of Ricord's and rhinoceros iguanas, the Indianapolis Zoo was one of six
      zoos selected to help save the Jamaican iguana. Our Zoo houses a trio of
      these iguanas, and along with the Hope Zoo and five other zoos, are
      developing a breeding program for the animals. The Indianapolis Zoo
      recently became the first zoo to breed successfully the critically
      endangered Grand Cayman blue iguana.
      Connecting through Plants Since the Indianapolis Zoo opened in 1988,
      its botanical collection has been integrated throughout the grounds of
      our 64-acre complex. Our naturalistic approach to displaying animals and
      plants together has caught on with the public, particularly those who are
      looking for a new approach to gardening. The Indianapolis Zoo's botanical
      collection is unique because it is the only habitat botanical garden in
      the country .This means that our plants are grouped together in displays
      that replicate or duplicate the ecology of the world's major
      environmental zones.
      The Society wanted to continue to enhance the garden experience for
      visitors in an innovative and exciting way. June 1999 marked the grand
      opening of the Zoo's new sister-institution, White River Gardens. This
      stunnngly beautiful 3.3 -acre landmark botanical attraction combines the
      best of gardening ideas, plant information and inspiring landscape
      design. Visitors will have the opportunity to view changing shows in the
      Hilbert Conservatory including: Butterflies Are Free, Wizard of Oz,
      Toyland, and Flights of Fantasy. Over one and a half miles of flowered
      pathways pass through five unique theme gardens: a design garden, a shade
      garden, a sun garden, a water garden and a wedding garden. Our expert
      horticulturists will answer personal garden questions and guests will
      also be able to obtain gardening tips in the Dick Crum Resource
      Center.
      Connecting through People Over one million visitors are expected to
      tour the grounds of the Indianapolis Zoological Society in 1999. Being an
      institution that promotes education and learning through the connection
      of people and the natural world around them, the Society is actively
      preparing for continued success in the future. Our institution continues
      to offer top quality education programming including student workshops,
      overnights and distance learning sessions. We know that we are in the
      midst of a technological revolution and we are working hard to keep pace
      with the constant changes that surround us. We are laying the groundwork
      that will enhance our connection to visitors of all kinds and insure our
      stability and public presence well into the millennium. The Indianapolis
      Zoological Society has developed a new state-of the-art website
      showcasing White River Gardens: www.whiterivergardens.com and is
      currently updating its zoo website: www.indyzoo.com. By providing
      interactive information links with all our visitors, we strengthen our
      connection to the public. We are becoming an institution without walls!
      Many of our traditional education programs will be enhanced through the
      Gardens/Zoo websites, providing us with fresh new vehicles to introduce
      workshops, lecture series, distance learning, public classes and daily
      demonstrations. Access to our grounds will be opened to anyone with a
      computer and a modem.
      Conclusion Involvement of the corporate community is extremely
      important to the Indianapolis Zoological Society. Your help enables us to
      provide entertaining and educational exhibits, activities and programs
      that connect animals, plants and people. Your support helps the Society
      maintain quality care of animal and plant collections and to conduct
      important research on rare species including those in the Species
      Survival Plan. Corporate support is not only appreciated but helps us to
      continue to strive to succeed and fulfill our mission. If you have any
      questions on anything enclosed in this packet, or need any additional
      information, please feel free to contact me or Kim Luppino, the Corporate
      Relations Manager, at (317)630-2018.
      Thank you for your consideration.
      Sincerely,
      Kimberly S. Luppino Corporate Relations Manager Enclosures
    
  

  
  
    
      May 3, 2000
      Dear,
      "Until he extends the circle of his compassion to all living things,
      man will not himself peace." --Dr. Albert Schweitzer
      In looking back at the last decade, we at the Indianapolis Zoological
      Society (IZS) wish to express our sincere thanks to all companies who
      have helped us to achieve so many successes at the Indianapolis Zoo and
      White River Gardens. As we enter a new century we hope that you too will
      wish to become a corporate partner.
      There are many ways to become involved with the Indianapolis Zoo and
      White River Gardens. Corporations are involved in a number of projects
      that make a huge impact on our institution, including program
      underwriting, marketing sponsorships, inkind donations, volunteer
      activities, etc. We strive to create good matches for our partners
      -projects that fit your company goals, themes and interests.
      Enclosed in this packet you will find recent information on our
      Society and some of the exciting things that are happening here. I hope
      that you agree that the Indianapolis Zoological Society enhances this
      community and provides a safe and happy environment for those who live
      and work in Indiana.
      The mission of the Indianapolis Zoological Society is to provide
      recreational learning experiences for the citizens of Indiana through the
      exhibition and presentation of natural environments in a way to foster a
      sense of discovery, stewardship, and the need to preserve the Earth's
      plants and animals. In short, the Society is about connecting animals,
      plants and people. The wonderful connections formed each day are made
      possible through the support of Society operations by organizations like
      yours!
      As one of only a few zoos in the country that receives no local,
      state, or federal tax support IZS must depend on donations for general
      operating funds from corporations like yours that are committed to the
      extension of compassion toward all living things.
      The 2000 Corporate Campaign will help to insure that IZS continues to
      provide all the excellent programming, activities and exhibits that
      visitors have come to expect from our world-renowned facility. I hope
      that you will consider renewing your commitment this year. Enclosed you
      will find a brochure that highlights the many exciting benefits that you
      can receive as a corporate donor. Please feel free to use the return
      envelope to mail your pledge card or gift right away.
      You can help plant seeds for a bright future. We have so many more
      accomplishments to strive for, I cannot imagine a better corporate
      partner to help bring them about.
      Sincerely,
      Kimberly S. Luppino Corporate Relations Manager Enclosures
    
  

  
  
    
      I'm In Indianapolis again for the next few months directing A
      Christmas Carol and Candida, the next two main-stage shows at one of my
      favorite theatres, the IRT. As an associate artist of the the theatre,
      it's my privilege to be aware of the great thing happening at the IRT and
      to encourage you to give generously to see the success continue. You need
      to know that the IRT is talked about very favorably among theatre artists
      around the country. Indianapolis is truly one of the best places for
      actors to work for many reasons:
      - the artistic quality is top rate - the education programs lead the
      country (other theatres wish they could reach even half of the 45,000
      students the IRT does) - the treatment we receive here is the friendliest
      and most accommodating - the IRT audiences really listen and respond
      For those of us who travel more than half a year, these things are
      just as important as salary considerations when taking an acting job.
      I've been affiliated with the IRT for 17 years. I started my directing
      career here. This place is a second home for me and I feel lucky to have
      it. "Hoosier hospitality" is everything they say - that's why so many
      artists fall in love with the IRT and keep returning. They make visiting
      artists happy with things such as emergency babysitting, transportation,
      and dinners in staff member's homes. They help us find fitness centers,
      yoga classes and chiropractors, they take care of our mail and packages
      for us. The people at the IRT and its volunteers go out of their way to
      make us feel like we're special residents during our stay.
      I also know it costs a lot of money to run a theatre company. I ask
      you to please give today to the IRT and help them continue the marvelous
      work they have been producing for 26 years.
      Happy Holidays,
      Scott Wentworth
    
  

  
  
    
      Date
      Name Address City , State, Zip
      Dear:
      Theatre is a mirror of society. Through the action on the stage, we
      are able to see -really see -ourselves reflected; how we think, how we
      emotionally react. Our failings, shortcomings and hesitations, are on
      display, as are the remarkability of our spirit and energy. The IRT takes
      advantage of the "mirror" concept to let today's youth take a look at
      themselves. With your involvement, we can help kids - like the little boy
      pictured on this page-become better citizens.
      On our stage during October and early November, we are producing Abe
      Lincoln in Illinois. If you haven't yet seen the show, let me tell you
      that it is a different Abe Lincoln than you have ever seen. This shows a
      young Lincoln before his status as an American legend. This demonstrates
      a man who is fighting with all of his might to make honorable decisions,
      face down personal demons and accept a mantle of responsibility he really
      doesn't want to assume-the Presidency. In other words, Lincoln is
      portrayed as a real human being - mirroring all of us that would find
      ourselves in his shoes.
      Over 7,500 Indiana children will see this play through our
      student-matinee program. The IRT's education program is one of the
      strongest in the country-a fact that has been validated and proven by the
      support given to us by the National Endowment of the Arts. In addition to
      the matinees, the education program provides tours, playguides for the
      teachers to use with their curriculum, and technical and artistic
      discussions. Outside of the Theatre, IRT artists go directly into the
      classroom to work with kids and introduce them more personally to the
      world of theatre. Our distance-learning project can bring people together
      from coast to coast to talk to kids in the classroom thanks to
      fiber-optic technology.
      Now back to the mirror of society. Imagine if a child can see him or
      herself in Abe Lincoln's shoes, facing the same kind of doubts, fears and
      self-criticisms that Abe saw in himself prior to his presidency.
      Mirroring Abe's actions and seeing the results, he or she can become that
      much more confident, that much more able to face a difficult world and
      that much more willing to face personal responsibility. Maybe this little
      boy on our stationary will see himself as the next Abe Lincoln. Live
      theatre is an amazing character-builder disguised as entertainment.
      You can help be a part of this magic. We need your help and
      participation in our acclaimed education program. Please use the enclosed
      pledge card and return envelope to become part of the mirror that IRT
      provides. You can help youngsters see and imagine amazing things for
      themselves. Please send a gift of $50 or $100 today and become a partner
      of the IRT.
      Sincerely,
      Brian Payne Managing Director
      P.S. Please send in your gift today and help us reach thousands of
      Indiana children.
    
  

  
  
    
      Date
      Name Address City, State Zip
      Dear Name:
      "But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has
      come round... as a good time: a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant
      time: the only time I know of in the long calendar of the year, when men
      and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely."
      -A Christmas Carol, by Charles Dickens
      As thousands of Hoosiers and visitors from the Midwest region enjoy
      the timeless classic of A Christmas Carol at the IRT, we give thanks for
      friends like you, who value the experience of live professional theatre
      and understand the need to support it with both attendance and
      donations.
      As a former subscriber/donor/current donor/current subscriber, you
      know it takes a good deal of money to bring these stories to you. We
      recoup 58% of that money on ticket sales, leaving 32% to be garnered from
      donations and gifts from friends such as yourself.
      As the end of the calendar year and the deadline for tax-deductible
      gifts approaches, I hope you will think of the IRT and make a donation
      this year . Every dollar counts and every gift is deeply appreciated. We
      need your help right now to continue to:
      -impact students' lives and help our teachers reach kids through our
      productions and educational programs. (We reach almost 50,000 students
      every year.)
      -conceive, design and hand-sew the many beautiful costumes, such as
      Mary Todd's period dresses in Abe Lincoln in Illinois and the ball gowns
      in A Christmas Carol.
      -hire the best actors, designers and directors from across the nation
      and here at home.
      -design the beautiful sets and have our carpenters and painters craft
      the final result.
      -continue to tell meaningful stories that bring our community together
      to laugh and learn from each other.
      It is truly the season to give. After Scrooge has been visited by the
      three spirits, " ...it was always said of him that he knew how to keep
      Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge. May that be
      truly said of us, and all of us!"
      Please give now so we can go on giving back to you and your friends
      and neighbors. Thank you.
      Sincerely,
      Janet Allen Artistic Director
      P .S. Please consider a gift to the IRT before December 31 to receive
      full tax deductibility for this year. Happy Holidays!
    
  

  
  
    
      December 30, 1998
      Name Address City, ST Zip
      Dear Ms Name,
      As a former subscriber, you may know that the IRT has enjoyed a strong
      start to our season. After terrific audiences appreciated the inspiring
      Abe Lincoln in Illinois (including 7,891 students), we added a two-week
      extension for the extremely popular Having Our Say on our Upperstage
      theatre. We also just finished producing A Christmas Carol for the third
      consecutive year, giving thousands of families the opportunity to
      celebrate the holidays together. It is your support and our commitment to
      low prices for youth ($5-$12.50) that makes that possible.
      So far, we've been very successful in our service to the community,
      but we need your financial support right now to complete the season with
      the same gusto. Every dollar that you contribute makes a big
      difference.
      It's thrilling to be having such an impact on the community. It's now
      your opportunity to be a partner in our work. We have been selected again
      this year to participate in two special challenge matches: one with the
      National Endowment for the Arts (to support our youth programming), who
      will match every contributed dollar up to $50,000 and one with the Lilly
      Endowment, who will match up to $70,000 of new or increased gifts. This
      is free money that only you can help the IRT obtain. Without your help we
      will lose some of this grant money.
      You have heard from us twice by mail this season requesting your
      support. This letter is to let you know that we still need your help to
      continue our record of strong fiscal management, vibrant theatrical
      productions and outstanding educational programs. We have a long way to
      go before we reach our goal of $319,500 from friends and subscribers such
      as yourself. Your gift and the doubling of these dollars through the two
      challenge matches will help us reach this goal.
      Ticket sales and subscriptions cannot finance our complete season.
      Soon, a representative of the IRT will be calling you to take your pledge
      over the phone. We hope you will enjoy talking to them, but if you would
      prefer, you may send your gift in today by using the enclosed envelope
      and pledge card. Either way, it's important that we hear from you during
      this last fundraising drive of 1998-99 season. Thank you.
      Sincerely,
      Brian Payne Managing Director
      P.S. Your contributed support directly benefits the IRT's outreach
      programs. Please give generously.
    
  

  
  
    
      January 9, 1997
      Dear:
      Our season continues to amaze. After record-breaking audiences for To
      Kill a Mockingbird, and opening our newly renovated Upperstage theatre
      with the critically-acclaimed Molly Sweeney, we just finished the run of
      A Christmas Carol, which was seen by a total of over 24,000 people,
      including nearly 9,000 school children from around the state.
      Others continue to notice our success. The National Endowment for the
      Arts has awarded us very generously for the second year in a row, with a
      grant of over $42,000. This money is earmarked for our education
      department's Discovery Series, which is dedicated to our curriculum-based
      productions for the state's youth.
      It's thrilling to be having such an impact on the community. It's now
      your opportunity to be a partner in our work. We have been selected to
      participate in two challenge matches: one with the NEA, who will match
      every contributed dollar up to $50,000 and one with the Lilly Endowment
      who will match up to $70,000 of new or increased gifts. This is free
      money that only you can help the IRT obtain.
      You have heard from us twice this year. The first time was to tell you
      about the impact of our educational program and, more specifically, To
      Kill a Mockingbird. The second appeal was to let you know about some of
      our artistic expenses you may not normally consider, such as the cost of
      hiring professional actors ($1,000 a week per actor!) This letter is to
      let you know that, while we've experienced some success this season, we
      still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management
      and vibrant theatrical productions. We still have more than $200,000 left
      to raise from subscribers and donors such as yourself. Your gift, and the
      doubling of these dollars through the two challenge matches will help us
      reach this goal.
      Very soon, a friend of the IRT will be calling you to take your pledge
      over the phone. We hope you will enjoy talking to our representative, but
      if you wish to give immediately, please send your gift in today by using
      the enclosed envelope and pledge card. You also help the IRT save money
      by returning your gift in the mail. It's important that we hear from you
      during this last fundraising drive of the season. Please consider sending
      your donation in today. Thank you.
      Sincerely,
      Brian Payne Managing Director
      P .S. If you wish to not be contacted on the telephone and want to
      help us save money, be sure to send in your gift today!
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear:
      Every lawyer gets at least one case in his lifetime that affects him
      personally. This one's mine, I guess. You might hear some ugly talk this
      summer. But do one thing for me if you will: keep your head high and your
      fists down. No matter what anyone says to you, don't let'em get your
      goat. Try fighting with your head for a change, it's a good one.
      Atticus Finch, To Kill a Mockingbird
      Atticus Finch's speech to his daughter in To Kill a Mockingbird, the
      IRT season opener, is one that you may remember. Perhaps you can hear
      Gregory Peck's voice saying it now. Because of the IRT's educational
      program, nearly 10,000 children will see the show and learn the simple
      lessons of this classic American story:
      use your head
      learn to walk in someone else's shoes
      bad things will happen--how will you react to them?
      be of solid moral character
      The lessons of old are still the lessons we're trying to teach our
      children today. And that's the wonderful tool of the IRT Education
      Programs--it lets children witness stories that teach them tools for
      everyday living and surviving. We also emphasize plays that directly
      relate to history, literature and social study topics. We are proud to
      continue to be a part of the educational "system of so many Indiana
      children, but we need your help right now to continue to provide this
      most important service. Did you know:
      42,000 children from 63 counties will be visiting the IRT this
      year
      The children attending our shows prepare in advance for their
      theatrical experience through their class's curriculum
      New educational programs have been created this year for
      schoolchildren who are unable to attend a production. We'll bring the IRT
      to them through artists visiting classrooms and two-way video
      conferencing
      Our artistic staff, including Priscilla Lindsay and new Associate
      Artistic Director Risa Brainin, is developing a new theatre education
      curriculum for next season, with classes for youth and adults to be
      implemented in the near future
      39% of the IRT performance schedule is dedicated to student
      performances
      As you can see, our educational program has been growing and will
      continue to increase in the upcoming years. These programs take resources
      that only you can provide. I know you've purchased tickets this year and
      I thank you. But ticket sales only account for 51% of our $3.785 million
      budget. We must raise $1.89 million from other sources, including
      $327,000 from IRT friends such as yourself. To help us reach tomorrow's
      adults, please consider a gift of $25, $50, $100 or more. You can make
      the difference--please respond with the enclosed pledge card and return
      envelope.
      Sincerely,
      Janet Allen Artistic Director
    
  

  
  
    
      January 1996
      Dear Friend,
      For 18 years I have had the tremendous opportunity to be an actor at
      the Indiana Repertory Theatre. One of the joys of being an actor is
      having an opportunity to talk with members of the audience following a
      performance.
      One such event occurred last season.
      Following a show, a young couple came up to the stage to say hello.
      They said they both felt they knew me like an old friend because they'd
      been coming to see IRT shows since their high school days. In fact, even
      though they had gone to separate schools, each one's first experience
      with live theatre was an IRT production.
      I was delighted at their vivid recollections of some of my favorite
      shows at the IRT, Midsummer Night's Dream and You Can't Take It With You.
      They said that because of those high school trips to the IRT, they have
      made professional theatre an integral part of their cultural lives.
      So many people have told me that seeing a play as a student literally
      opened their eves and minds to a whole new world; a world of imagination
      more powerful than any futuristic movie or television sit-com. As adults,
      they crave that potent mix of actor, playwright, and audience, which is
      the magic of live theatre.
      It's that magic I am asking you to keep alive and well for all
      children in the state of Indiana.
      Fully professional, fully produced theatre has made a difference to
      children like Becky, Stephanie, Marcus, Emily, and their classmates from
      across the state of Indiana. I've enclosed letters they, and some of
      their teachers, have written us. Please read them. They touched my heart
      and I know they'll touch yours.
      The one thing I am most proud of is that the IRT is a leader across
      the country in providing theatre experiences for students. The work the
      IRT does with teachers and students has a profound impact on their lives.
      Most important is the fact that attending a performance at the IRT is not
      just a field trip. The IRT has staff educators, artists, and a statewide
      Student/Teacher Advisory Committee that carefully plan all the education
      programs. The plays which are performed are selected because they have a
      specific link to what is being studied in the classroom. Whether its a
      literature topic, a humanities issue, or an important person in history
      -- every play has a direct tie-in to classroom curriculum.
      The education programs at the IRT are more comprehensive than any
      other performing arts organization in the state of Indiana and possibly
      the nation.
      A full array of educational services are incorporated to enhance the
      learning experience for the students, including:
      -Printed study guides and detailed audio/visual materials,
      -Docent or artist pre-performance classroom visits,
      -Behind-the-scenes tours of the theatre's workshops and rehearsal
      areas,
      -An extensive slide show library on a variety of theatre topics,
      -Pre-performance teacher workshops, and
      -Direct contact with artists and actors through post-performance
      question and answer sessions.
      I am writing to ask for your direct assistance in educating a child.
      With a donation of $50, $100, $250 or whatever you can give to the IRT,
      you can play a role in the development of a young person through the
      educational outreach programs at the Indiana Repertory Theatre. Each
      year, between 45,000 and 50,000 students from over 800 schools in 60
      Indiana counties culminate their lessons on a variety of topics by coming
      to the IRT to see a play.
      Because we're committed to provide these education services, donations
      must be sought to off-set ticket discounts we give to students. Ticket
      income doesn't begin to cover the cost of these programs. We need your
      assistance; as your generosity allows us to keep these programs
      affordable to schools and students. You can help directly:
      -A gift of $50 allows 10 students to receive discounted tickets to an
      IRT performance.
      -A gift of $100 provides an entire classroom with study guides and
      other curriculum materials.
      Take a moment right now to consider a gift of $50, $100, $250, or
      whatever you can give, to the IRT. It means everything to me to ask for
      your support. It means everything to Becky, Stephanie, Marcus and Emily,
      and students like them. You can make the difference TODAY!
      I look forward to hearing from you!
      Best Wishes,
      Priscilla Lindsay Actor and Educator Indiana Repertory Theatre
      P .S. From the bottom of my heart, thank you! You can make the
      difference today with your check. Theatre allows students to experience
      worlds outside their own and to see their classroom studies come to life.
      To continue to impact the lives of Indiana's students with first class
      theatre productions that support and enhance their academic and personal
      growth, your support is needed TODAY!
    
  

  
  
    
      Date
      Name Address City ST Zip
      Dear:
      My love affair with the IRT is a long one. I joined the company of the
      IRT in 1974 with my first show, "Harvey" and I can't believe it, but I
      just completed my 45th production at the Indiana Repertory Theatre in
      Pygmalion. I am very proud of my association with such a dynamic regional
      theatre. Our growth has not stopped. And it's all due to you.
      Now, as an associate artist with the theatre, I see daily the impact
      that the IRT has on our community. We employ more professional actors
      from the community, ones whom we have helped train, than ever in our
      history. We now have grown to 10,900 subscribers from 5,154 in the IRT's
      first season. But what I'm proudest of, is that our education program has
      become a national leader among fully professional not-for-profit regional
      theatres. You are responsible for helping us introduce the amazing,
      magical experience of live theatre to our state's children-programs that
      are not only an arts experience, but help teach history, literature, and
      social studies. In 1974, you could buy an individual ticket anywhere from
      $4-$5, and a subscription for $16! Ticket prices have risen, but they
      still only account for 53% of our budget. And, of that 53%, education
      program ticket revenue is a mere fraction of that, so our contributions
      from corporations, foundations and individuals - like you - enable us to
      continue these critically needed services. I am writing to ask for your
      direct assistance in our education programs and artistic product.
      What began as a touring group of actors in 1973 that played to
      students in cities like Gary , Elkhart and Terre Haute, the IRT education
      program today now provides:
      -Artist in the Classroom programs where community artists teach
      creative dramatics and theatre to students who can't attend the IRT
      because of location or, unfortunately, because of finances.
      -The Discovery Series, which produces theatre for youth, began in 1989
      where around 24,000 students see a live production.
      -Discounted student matinee Mainstage performances, where 4,000
      students saw Pygmalion and 11 ,400 are scheduled to see A Christmas
      Carol. What a delight it is for us to introduce the magic of live theatre
      to such eager faces each morning!
      In all, nearly 50,000 students from 65 of 92 Indiana counties are
      reached by an IRT education program each year and what's more, every play
      has a direct tie-in to classroom curriculum. As an actress, my primary
      joy is the communication that occurs between an actor and an audience.
      Now, I'm communicating to you as a friend and fellow donor who loves the
      IRT. You wouldn't have been able to experience the joys of plays I have
      been in (and those I haven't) without donations other than ticket
      purchases. Your last gift to the IRT was $-. As you consider your
      charitable aiding as 1999 ends, I ask you to consider increasing that
      gift by $25 or more. Every dollar counts. I look forward to hearing from
      you and seeing you at the theatre!
      Best wishes,
      Priscilla Lindsay Associate Artist
    
  

  
  
    
      December 5, 1996
      Name Address City , State ZIP
      Dear Name,
      Happy Holidays from the Indiana Repertory Theatre!
      This is a wonderful time of year for storytelling. My favorite, of
      course, is the transformation of Scrooge in Dickens's A Christmas Carol.
      The IRT knows something about telling stories - we're in that business.
      It is our distinct pleasure to bring to life tales to make you laugh,
      experience unfamiliar situations, or warm your heart. Hopefully, you
      leave our theatre entertained, with a new perspective on life.
      We are proud to serve this community as the best storytellers
      around!
      I have enclosed a story about the IRT and encourage you to read it and
      see what we do to put a high quality production on the stage. Hours of
      dedicated artistry go with each of fabric and every 2x4 to make the story
      you see the best possible all-encompassing sensory experience.
      To continue to tell our stories, we ask for your help and support.
      Buying tickets enables us to cover 62 percent of our costs. We rely on
      you and other generous friends to provide the remaining 38 percent. We
      need contributed support to bring the best professional actors here, to
      maintain our reputation for beautiful sets and costumes, and to subsidize
      our education program which reaches 50,000 students each year .
      I thank you for your last gift of $-. I hope you will remain a
      contributor and even consider honoring our 25 years of storytelling by
      increasing your gift $25 this year. Your gift will directly fund our
      artistic and education programs -- tangible examples are outlined in the
      enclosed brochure.
      Please send your gift in the enclosed envelope with the response card
      attached to the brochure. Your generosity will help the IRT continue to
      tell the best stories in the finest manner possible. Thank you!
      Sincerely,
      Brian Payne Managing Director
      P .S. Please support our 25th Anniversary by making a gift to the IRT
      today!
    
  

  
  
    
      Date
      Name Address City, State, Zip
      Dear Salutation:
      As a member of the 100% Club (subscribers who also donate), we truly
      appreciate your support of the IRT this year. We need your help more than
      ever to support our thrilling productions. To maintain our financial
      stability, we must raise $365,000 by June 30 from friends like you! Why?
      Because our commitment to professional quality productions and strong
      educational outreach across the state requires strong community support.
      Although inflation is low, our productions are very labor intensive and
      most exceed the rate of inflation. We've kept ticket prices very
      affordable and, in fact, provide amazing student ticket discounts. If we
      keep our prices low, we need to come to you, our audience members, to ask
      for a small contribution in order to help us meet this mission.
      It's just a play, right? Why so expensive? Here are just a few
      examples:
      -We use professional, career actors, who belong to a union called
      Actors Equity. Unlike other not-for-profit theatres in the city, our
      actors make their living from their craft. We find these outstanding
      actors in New York, Chicago, Minneapolis, Los Angeles and right here at
      home. This means not only salary, and benefits, but also housing and
      transportation are primary expenses each year. One week's salary and
      expenses for one IRT Equity actor is $1,100 (including rehearsals).
      -The IRT is the only professional not-for-profit resident theatre in
      the state. This means our commitment to quality is shown backstage, as
      nationally known professional designers and directors create the exciting
      theatre you enjoy. Elaborate costumes and sets are an IRT trademark. The
      quality of our sets and costumes differ from other theatres in the city,
      too. To costume the upcoming Pygmalion, a national search for the right
      fabric for Henry Higgins' suits took place and was finally found in New
      York. The materials for the Pygmalion costumes will cost $13,000! We
      don't just go to the nearest fabric store and try to find the closest
      thing to what we want. Our artistic standards dictate that we look until
      we get it right.
      -Deeply discounting student matinee tickets for children to see a play
      - as low as $8.25 vs. a full-priced ticket of $17.50-$35 for an adult
      evening performance vs. $48-$65 for a Broadway touring production. These
      matinees are coordinated with teachers and unite a play with studies of
      classroom lessons in history, social studies, cultural diversity and
      literature for a full educational experience.
      You may have heard about our $1.5 million lobby restoration that will
      thrill you when you walk through the doors. What you may not know is that
      the money for that restoration came from a capital and endowment
      fund-separate from the money needed annually to produce our plays and
      education programs. Your gift would go directly to the artistic product
      on stage and our nationally recognized education program which last year
      reached more than 49,900 students from 65 of Indiana's 92 counties. This
      outreach is a 10% increase from last year and it means our efforts are
      working.
      To continue to make it work we need YOU. Last year, you generously
      donated $-. Please consider renewing that gift or increasing that gift by
      $25 this year. Help us continue to serve Indiana and the state's youth
      through the extraordinary experience of theatre professionals providing
      professional theatre handcrafted for our community. Thank you!
      Sincerely,
      Janet Allen Artistic Director
      P .S. Please give today to continue enjoying fully professional live
      theatre experiences!
    
  

  
  
    
      January 9, 2000
      Name Address City
      Dear:
      As a former donor, you may know that the IRT has enjoyed a strong
      start to our season-and we thank you for your interest and support. We
      depend on friends like you to help us bring outstanding productions to
      the stage. We just finished producing A Christmas Carol for the fourth
      consecutive year, enabling thousands of families and students the
      opportunity to celebrate the holidays together. It is your support and
      our commitment to low prices for youth ($5-$14) that makes that possible.
      In total, because of the gifts given last year, we were able to discount
      tickets for nearly 11,000 children who would ordinarily not be able to
      enjoy the wonders of live theatre. And - do our productions impact
      education?
      .By reaching students whom are not otherwise being reached through
      school and other community institutions. It is a proven fact that the
      arts contribute to higher scores on the SAT and other standardized
      tests.
      .By transforming the environment for learning; school lessons become
      opportunities of discovery when performed live on stage.
      .By providing new challenges for those students already considered
      successful and helping them surpass boredom and complacency, which are
      barriers to success.
      So far, we've been very successful in our service to the community,
      but we need your financial support right now to complete the season with
      the same gusto. Your last gift was $ . We hope you'll help us with more
      this year. Every dollar that you contribute makes a big difference.
      It's thrilling to have such a strong impact on the community. It's now
      your opportunity to be a partner in our work. We have been selected again
      this year to participate in two special challenge matches: one with the
      National Endowment for the Arts (to support our education programming for
      youth), who will match every contributed dollar up to $33,000 and one
      with the Lilly Endowment, who will match up to $70,000 of new or
      increased gifts. This is free money that only you can help the IRT
      obtain. Your gift will assure us of receiving over $100,000 of grant
      money.
      You have heard from us twice by mail this season requesting your
      support. This letter is to let you know that we still need your help to
      continue our record of strong fiscal management, vibrant theatrical
      productions and outstanding educational programs. We have a long way to
      go before we reach our goal of $365,000 from friends and subscribers such
      as yourself. Your gift, and the doubling of these dollars through the two
      challenge matches, will help us reach this goal.
      Ticket sales and subscriptions cannot finance our complete season; in
      fact they only count for 53% of our income. Soon, a representative of the
      IRT will be calling you to take your pledge over the phone. We hope you
      will enjoy talking to them, but you can save the IRT administrative money
      by sending your gift in the return envelope today. Either way, it's
      important that we hear from you during this last fundraising drive of
      1999-2000 season. Please consider sending your donation in today. Thank
      you.
      Sincerely,
      Brian Payne Managing Director P.S. Your contributed support directly
      benefits the IRT's outreach programs and leverages match gift monies.
      Please give generously.
    
  

  
  
    
      The Clinton Birthplace Foundation offers full membership privileges to
      those who pay only $10.00 per year. This enables you to become a member
      of the foundation. If you choose to go this route, you will receive a
      quarterly newsletter, annual pass to the center and birthplace, and
      notification of upcoming events. I encourage you to do this, because the
      $10.00 is considered a tax deduction, and you will get so much in return.
      This also means that you will be invited when President Clinton returns
      for any event. You may send a check payable to the Clinton Birthplace
      Foundation.
      Thank you,
      Beckie Moore Executive Director Clinton Birthplace Foundation
    
  

  
  
    
      Clinton Birthplace Foundation, Inc. P.O. Box 1925 • Hope,
      Arkansas 71801 • Phone: 870-777-4455 • FAX 870-722-6929
      Birthplace of the 42nd President The wood frame house is a two and
      one-half story American Foursquare design built in 1917, but has not been
      owned by the Clinton family for the past 30 years. The house is now owned
      by the non-profit Foundation. For his first four years, Bill Clinton
      lived with his maternal grandparents, Eldridge and Edith Grisham Cassidy,
      at 117 South Hervey in Hope. It was in this house that Bill spent his
      formative years, learning to walk, talk, laugh, play, read, and pray.
      The Clinton Oval Office carpet was designed by Kaki Hockersmith and
      woven by The Scott Group. President Clinton felt strongly that the
      redecorated Oval Office should reflect the cultural strength and
      diversity of our nation. The deep blue rug is emblazoned with a
      full-color Presidential Seal encircled by fifty white stars. The American
      eagle holds an olive branch, signifying peace, in its right hand. A
      golden, double rope band, signifying domestic and international unity,
      frames the seal and the border of the rug. Laurel wreaths, symbolizing
      victory, and olive branches symbolizing peace, also adorn the rug's
      border along with acanthus leaves. The thirteen yarn colors of the
      magnificent rug symbolize the original thirteen colonies of this
      nation.
      Items include: Coffee Mugs - T-Shirts - Puzzles Caps - Cookbooks -
      Posters - Cards For more information about these and other items, you may
      write call, or send us an e-mail. We welcome your correspondence.
      Admission Rates: Adults - $5.00 Sr. Citizens - $4.00 18yr. - 6yr -
      $3.00 Under 6 yr - Free Tour and Military Rate $3.00 Spring/Summer Hours:
      Sundays: 1:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m. Tues - Sat: 10:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. (Closed
      Mondays) Fall/Winter Hours: Tues - Sat: 10:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. (closed
      Sundays and Mondays)
      Steps to the Future Brick Project You may purchase a brick to be
      placed around the Virginia Clinton Kelley Memorial Garden. You may have
      bricks as memorials, for celebrations of birthdays, to acknowledge
      friends or just because you want to. Your contribution is tax-deductible.
      To receive a copy of the brick form, you may call, fax, e-mail or simply
      send in your $25.00 per brick. Include the names to be honored.
      (Remember:One Name Per Brick and No More Than 18 Spaces.) Your generous
      support is sincerely appreciated.
      The Clinton Birthplace Foundation is a non-political 501 (c) (3)
      non-profit organization dependent on your contributions. Contributions
      may be sent to:
      Clinton Birthplace Foundation P.O. Box 1925 Hope, Arkansas 71802
    
  

  
  
    
      May 19,2000
      Dear ,
      Thank you for your interest in the Institute for Global Ethics.
      Membership includes Insights on Global Ethics, our semi-annual
      publication providing in-depth coverage of ethical topics and Institute
      programs; periodic President's Letters from Rushworth Kidder to keep you
      in touch with vital and cutting edge ethical issues; and our newest
      publication, Ethical Connections, a quarterly newsletter providing
      highlights of the Institute's programs and activities. You will also be
      entitled to special discounts on books, audiotapes, and videotapes from
      the Institute and a reduced rate to participate in our Ethical Fitness TM
      Seminars.
      I have enclosed information about the Institute and copies of the
      latest issues of Insights on Global Ethics and Ethical Connections.
      Sincerely,
      Deborah Hensler Membership Coordinator
    
  

  
  
    
      The Kaua`i International Theatre The KIT e-news
      "Irresistible! Delicious, adorable, finger-snapping laugh-out-loud
      fun!" Wall Street Journal Don't miss the glorious musical "FOREVER
      PLAID"!
      
      FOREVER PLAID is dedicated to the good guys: · To the guys who
      wheeled the projector carts for the audio-visual club. · To the guys
      who carried an extra white handkerchief in the back pocket of their
      chinos. · To the guys who saved their allowances to give their
      parents an extra special night on the town for their anniversary. ·
      To the guys who sang around the piano in the family room just for the
      love of it. · To the guys who never went beyond first base (and if
      by some miracle they did, they didn't tell anyone).
      We salute you!
      Once upon a time, there were four guys (Sparky, Smudge, Jinx and
      Frankie) who loved to sing. They all met in high school, when they joined
      the Audio Visual Club (1956). Discovering that they shared an affection
      for music and entertaining, they got together and dreamed of becoming
      like their idols - The Four Aces, The Four Lads, The Four Freshmen, The
      Hi-Lo's and The Crew Cuts. They rehearsed in the basement of Smudge's
      family's plumbing supply company. It was here they became
      FOREVER PLAID - a name that connotes the continuation of traditional
      values, of family, home and harmony.
      Although Rock 'n' Roll was racing down the fast lane like a candy
      apple "VETTE", FOREVER PLAID believed in their music. As their sound
      developed, they sang at family gatherings, fund raisers and eventually
      graduated to supermarket openings and proms. Then, finally, they landed
      their first big gig at the Airport Hilton Cocktail Bar - The FUSEL-LOUNGE
      (February 9, 1964).
      En route to pick up their custom-made Plaid Tuxedoes, they were
      slammed broadside by a school bus filled with eager teenagers. The teens
      were on their way to witness the Beatles make their US television debut
      on the Ed Sullivan Show and, miraculously, escaped uninjured. However,
      the members of Forever Plaid were killed instantly. It is at that moment
      when their careers and lives ended that the story of FOREVER PLAID
      begins.
      Continued...
      The Plaids cover a wide range of popular music from the 1950s. Here is
      just a sample: v Catch a Falling Star v Chain Gang v Cry v Heart and Soul
      v Love is a Many Splendored Thing v Moments to Remember v No Not Much v
      Rags to Riches v Sixteen Tons v Three Coins in the Fountain
      FOREVER PLAID has performed for many organizations with their
      corporate awards, anniversaries and holiday celebrations such as; CIGNA
      Corporation, Dupont Company, IBM, IGA, Johnson & Johnson, Kraft,
      Lexus, MCI Telecommunications, M&M/Mars Corporation, Nissan Motor
      Corporation, Pepsico and more.
      The KIT's production of FOREVER PLAID directed by Steven D. Kline,
      stage managed by Alan Bolosan Campo, set design, construction, lighting
      design and technical support by Derron Peterson, Technical Director.
      Costume by Brigitte Doth, Jade Stice, and Penny Laimana. Music by
      Jennifer (piano) and Michael Odo (bass).
      The Plaids are Dennis McGran as Sparky, Bob Meyers / Mitch Ouye as
      Smudge, Clay Hansen / Joshua J. Bennett as Jinx, and Dan Chaffee as
      Frankie.
      FOREVER PLAID will open on Thursday, May 25th. Shows are Thursdays
      thru Sundays at 7:30pm.
      Tickets are $23. for advance & seniors, $25. at door, $59. for
      Dinner & Show package (dinner at A Pacific Café), and $99. for
      Flex Tic (Good for any 5 shows or bring 4 of your friends / family to one
      show, value $121.50). The KIT is offering a Special 50% OFF Opening Night
      Ticket Price ($12.50) for Thursday, May 25th and Friday, May 26th.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Keepers of the Lore <story@tellink.net>
      Last Sunday, June 18th, the rain came and severely curtailed
      attendance at this year's Keepers of the Lore/Joseph Campbell Festival of
      Myth, Folklore and Story. Suddenly, our non-profit organization has been
      confronted with a $5,000 deficit, with no other financial resources to
      draw upon. Without financial assistance, some of our performers and
      suppliers may not be paid. And everyone will have to take far less than
      we agreed upon. This situation could also impact our ability to mount
      another festival next year.
      That's why I'm turning to friends like you for help. You already
      understand the importance of storytelling, poetry, song, and theatre in
      fostering empathy, compassion, and the imagination. And you probably also
      have a keen appreciation for the role of the oral tradition in bringing
      people together from diverse cultures, nationalities and
      religions--bridging the gap between our differences and helping to foster
      peace instead of conflict and misunderstanding. This is what it means to
      keep the wisdom-lore alive, and right now we need your help to do it!
      A donation of any amount would be deeply appreciated. Or perhaps you
      know of someone else who shares these same values who might be willing to
      help. Please, if you can, send your tax-deductible donation to Keepers of
      the Lore, P.O. Box 453, Milford, NH 03055. If you would like to speak
      with me directly with any questions or suggestions, please call
      603-654-5944, or send an email to story@tellink.net. If you would like to
      introduce our work to anyone who might be interested in helping us during
      this financial crisis, I am readily available to speak with him or her by
      phone or in person. Please give me a call so that we can discuss.
      Help us keep the wisdom-lore alive. Your gift of any amount will be
      greatly appreciated. I hope to hear from you soon.
      Paul Nelson Executive Director KEEPERS OF THE LORE
    
  

  
  
    
      Very Rev. Father J. Gabriel Karambis, Director
      December 1999
      Dear friend in Christ,
      A gift-wrapped box under a Christmas tree ...
      Ordinarily this is such a happy sight - an image of the anticipation
      that we feel inside as the holiday season approaches once again.
      But in certain homes this Christmas, the sight of unopened gifts under
      the tree will bring tears of grief and sorrow. For these boxes will
      remain in their wrappings long after all of the other presents are
      opened. Christmas will come and go, and these gifts will sit untouched.
      The boxes will be marked with the names of Cassie, Corey, Rachel, Isaiah,
      Kelly, Kyle, and the other students of Columbine High School who lost
      their lives earlier this year.
      All around our country, Christmas presents bearing the names of school
      children will stay in their ribbons and wrappings under the tree because
      of the escalating epidemic of violence against children in recent
      years.
      It's my guess that you are asking yourself, "What is happening to our
      children? What is wrong with our world?"
      In our public schools, teenagers are forbidden to discuss religious
      topics on school grounds, even in after-school clubs and societies. Young
      people are exposed daily to violence, pornography, and other unwholesome
      influences over the internet.
      It's my guess that you are also asking yourself, "What can I do to
      help?"
      My intuition, of course, has a very specific basis-you are a person
      who cares, as demonstrated by your annual stewardship donation to your
      parish. I know that you make it a point to be involved in your community
      and to support a variety of worthy causes. Consequently, I know that you
      go to extra lengths to be compassionate and caring to others. And that
      suggests to me that you may well be interested in joining a program that
      tries to help our children in the face of the problems I mentioned
      above.
      On the chance that my guess is right, I am writing to you today to
      invite you to become a member of LOGOS-the League Of Greek Orthodox
      Stewards.
      LOGOS is comprised of women and men who wish to contribute to the
      ministries, especially the youth programs, of the Greek Orthodox
      Archdiocese of America. LOGOS members contribute to the ministries for
      the Church over and above their other contributions to their local
      parishes.
      There is so much that needs to be done in our ministries that at times
      it may seem overwhelming. But another way to look at it is to consider
      that there is so much that we can accomplish together. Through your
      tax-deductible donation to LOGOS, you will open a universe of
      opportunities to the Orthodox youth of our nation.
      You can provide the safe and loving environment of an Orthodox
      after-school program for children who might otherwise have nowhere else
      to go.
      You can educate parents and youth workers on the best ways to counsel
      teenagers about the frightening issues facing them, like drug use and
      premarital sex.
      You can aid children at Ionian Village summer camp in Greece, where
      they can strengthen their Orthodox Christian faith while enjoying the
      beauty of Hellenic culture.
      You can establish and support Orthodox Campus Fellowships at colleges
      and universities across the country, so that young people who are away
      from home for the first time can have the support of others who share
      their beliefs and values.
      You can train Sunday Church School teachers to provide the highest
      level of instruction in religious education.
      You can provide for a child who attends St. Basil Academy, a ministry
      of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese where needy children are given the love
      and security of a home away from home.
      You can give all these children a truly wonderful Christmas gift-the
      gift of your love and attention and concern, so that they may enjoy this
      Christmas season and many more in health and safety.
      You can do all this with the simplest gesture. Your membership
      donation to LOGOS will help fund all these programs and more. Every penny
      counts in the fight to save our children.
      Simply check off your tax-deductible contribution on the enclosed
      membership invitation. Please mail it back today in the envelope provided
      for your convenience, so that we can continue to carry on this vital
      ministry.
      With love in Christ,
      P.S. There are many children who have been helped by the youth
      programs of our Holy Archdiocese. But there are many more who still need
      our help.
      Thank you for your time and considering my appeal.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear Friend,
      Have you ever wondered why the performances of our Olympic athletes
      fills us with such emotion?
      It's because pride, dedication, sacrifice, and the will to win are
      embodied in all Americans. We have a uniquely American, indefinable,
      unshakable spirit within us which is brought to life through the
      performances of our Olympic athletes.
      Do you remember how wonderful and how proud you felt in 1980 when the
      young United States Hockey Team beat the powerful Soviet Team 4-3, and
      then went on to beat Finland 4-2 for the gold; the sight of Jim Craig
      skating around the arena with the American Flag draped across his back,
      tears of joy streaming down his face, looking for his father in the
      crowd; or in 1984 when 16 year old Mary Lou Retton, needing a 9.95 in her
      final event to tie for first place in the all around Gymnastics
      competition, vaulted her way to the gold by scoring a perfect 10?
      I remember these moments, as I'm sure you do, and I also recall many
      other moving performances when our athletes reached deep within
      themselves to overcome what appeared to be insurmountable odds.
      The story of our Olympic athletes is one of personal sacrifice,
      dedication to be the best in the world, and a desire to represent the
      people of the United States with pride. But, our athletes can't do it
      alone. The success of our athletes and America's Olympic Movement depends
      on the support of proud individuals like you who know what it takes to be
      the best.
      The United States Olympic Committee is funded by private donations,
      and provide esessential support services for our athletes on a continuing
      basis. These services include coaching, training facilities, housing,
      medical treatment, and other support which is necessary for our athletes
      to reach their full potential.
      America is the greatest nation in the world, and our athletes
      continually prove to the world how great a nation we truly are, thanks to
      the generous support of Olympic family members like you. Please accept
      the enclosed Olympic lapel pin as my gift, and wear it with pride. I hope
      you will help us continue the Olympic tradition of excellence.
      Sincerely,
      William J. Hybl President
      P.S. My dream is to see every American become part of the Olympic
      family, so please give whatever you can. Thank you in advance for your
      support, and I hope you enjoy your Olympic lapel pin.
      Your generous gift of $25 or more will earn you a Sydney T-shirt with
      the official Games logo!
      Visit our website for the latest U.S. Olympic news, athlete profiles
      and apparel. www.usoc.org
    
  

  
  
    
      (Name) (Address) (City, ST Zip)
      Dear,
      Thank you for your interest in Aloha United Way.
      I am enclosing our 1999 Annual Report; Hoaloha, our quarterly report;
      and Year 2000 Report to Donors to introduce you to some basic services
      about AUW.
      If you need additional information, please feel free to contact me at
      (808) 543-2213, or e-mail me at: deborahm@auw.org.
      Sincerely,
      Deborah M. Sanders Murray Aloha United Way Assistant Vice President
      Marketing/ Communications Enc.
    
  

  
  
    
      July 18,2000
      Dear,
      Sometime in May, you should have received the Elijah House magazine
      Healing Hearts, Changing Lives with the theme, " A New Beginning. " My
      hope is you were greatly blessed and encouraged by this issue. We're
      committed to expressing the heart of the Lord with relevance to the call
      and ministry of Elijah House in every issue.
      In the past 25 plus years of ministry, a newsletter was sent free of
      charge to anyone who asked to be on our mailing list. In 1998, the
      newsletter evolved into the magazine you receive today. Many have told us
      they view this magazine as an important ministry tool and see it being
      used to draw His people closer to Jesus. I would like to see that
      continue.
      However, to continue providing Healing Hearts, Changing Lives Elijah
      House is asking for a subscription payment of $J 5 per year to help
      offset publishing and mailing costs. If you would like to offer a gift
      beyond the suggested subscription, just fill in that amount below. We'd
      appreciate any prayerful contribution to the ministry of Elijah
      House.
      Blessings,
      Kristina Wayne Managing Editor
      P.S. You can help us update our mailing list whether or not you
      subscribe. Simply detach the bottom portion, check the option that
      applies, make any changes to your address if needed and send it in the
      enclosed envelope. Thanks for your help!
      
    
  

  
  
    
      June 29, 1992
      Dear Name,
      It gives me great pleasure to extend to you this invitation to Join
      the Republican Senatorial Inner Circle in a celebration of our spirit at
      our Republican National Convention in Houston, Texas, August 16-20.
      Senator Phil Gramm placed your name in nomination because he feels
      your accomplishments and commitment to our nation prove you worthy of
      membership in this prestigious organization.
      The Republican Senatorial Inner Circle is made up of individuals who
      meet on a regular basis to discuss national and regional topics in a
      series of business, political and social gatherings. The 1992 election
      year offers some extraordinary membership opportunities.
      The Inner Circle's August meeting will be centered around the
      Republican National Convention. Your membership will provide you with
      admittance to our "members only" activities as well as full credentials
      to all official Convention sessions. We expect the highlight of the Inner
      Circle event to be an exclusive luncheon with Vice President Dan
      Quayle.
      Added to the Convention and the luncheon will be an optional tour of
      the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) headquarters;
      tickets to the premier social event of the Republican National Convention
      --The Red, White & Boots gala; and participation in the Inner Circle
      closed door discussions and briefings.
      Our panel discussions and candidate briefings allow give-and-take
      between top level Administration officials, GOP Senators, senator
      candidates, and Inner Circle members.
      Each regular meeting of the Inner Circle focuses on specific, timely
      issues facing our nation, and our guests are always among the foremost
      experts in their fields.
      Past Inner Circle briefings have been conducted by Housing and Urban
      Development Secretary Jack Kemp, White House Chief of Staff Sam Skinner,
      Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney, and Chairman of the President's Council
      of Economic Advisors Michael Boskin.
      As an Inner Circle member you will receive select seating during the
      Convention, and special invitations to dinners, receptions and activities
      throughout the week.
      Since reservations for our stay in Houston are limited, I hope you
      will return your Nomination Acceptance today.
      Of course, the Inner Circle's list of meetings doesn't end with the
      Republican National Convention. As an Inner Circle member you can expect
      some of the finest seats on the reviewing stand for the world's greatest
      celebration of democracy --the 52nd American Presidential
      Inauguration.
      This coming January, you will take part in all the glitter and glamour
      of the official Presidential Inaugural, including the swearing in
      ceremony, Inaugural Parade, and the Inner Circle Black Tie Ball on
      January 19th.
      When you accept membership in the Inner Circle, you will become an
      integral part in what is fast-proving to be an historical election year.
      The Republican party is looking at an unprecedented opportunity --in
      recent weeks, three liberal Democrat Senators have announced they will
      not seek re-election.
      These open seats --Washington, Colorado, and North Dakota --coupled
      with the ousting of long-term Democrat Alan Dixon, have greatly increased
      our chances for victory.
      Our cast of Republican candidates in these races, and in the other 32
      campaigns across the country, are strong, bright, and talented leaders.
      The strength and character of our candidates will not be ignored by
      voters who are fed up with an inept Democrat-controlled Congress.
      That is why joining today can do more to help the party than at any
      time in its history. By accepting your nomination and joining with us,
      you not only become a member of the most prestigious wing of the GOP, you
      also help finance the races of our field of candidates.
      Many other benefits are made available to Inner Circle members. These
      are explained more fully in the enclosed Inner Circle Membership
      Prospectus. The financial details of Inner Circle membership are also
      covered in the Prospectus.
      I hope you will give careful consideration to your nomination. You
      certainly deserve this honor, and I believe each of us will benefit from
      your involvement.
      Since our Convention plans take a great deal of preparation, please
      fill out and return your Nomination Acceptance no later than August 3rd.
      It is important to fill out all of the information on the Nomination
      Acceptance reply form --including your Social Security number. This is
      required by the Secret Service for clearance to all Convention events and
      the special luncheon with Vice President Quayle.
      On behalf of President George Bush, Vice President Dan Quayle, my
      fellow Republican Senators, and the current members of the Inner Circle,
      I sincerely hope to see you in Houston --as a member of the Republican
      Senatorial Inner Circle.
      Sincerely,
      Senator Bob Dole Senate Republican Leader
      P.S. During this election year, the Executive Committee is offering
      Inner Circle Junior memberships for the sons and daughters, aged 12-18,
      of Inner Circle members. This year will be particularly meaningful for
      our young Republicans. Experiencing the Convention will leave a marked
      impression on our junior members --an impression that could lead to a
      future of service to this country, and to a better understanding of the
      democratic process. The details of junior membership are discussed in the
      Inner Circle Membership Prospectus.
      In you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to call our
      Membership Services Coordinator, Chris Young, at (800) 877-6773.
      
    
  

  
  
    
      Dear,
      I am delighted to inform you that at the last meeting of the Executive
      Committee of the Republican Senatorial Inner Circle, Senator Phil Gramm
      placed your name in nomination for membership and you were accepted
      unanimously.
      This honor could not come at a more exciting time --election year,
      1992. Our Republican National Convention is set for August 16-20, in
      Houston. Let me take this opportunity to invite you to join me at the
      Convention.
      Throughout the Convention, Inner Circle members will take part in a
      number of unique events, including a tour of NASA's Houston facility, and
      the formal event of the week, the Red, White & Boots Gala. Members
      may also attend political briefings delivered by Republican Senators, top
      level Administration officials, and other GOP leaders.
      Most importantly, Inner Circle members will receive credentials to
      attend all of the Convention's official working sessions. In addition, by
      accepting Inner Circle membership, you will share in the world's greatest
      celebration of democracy, the 52nd American Presidential Inaugural. As an
      Inner Circle member you will take part in a variety of unique political
      events and black tie events.
      Shortly, you will receive a formal invitation from Senator Bob Dole,
      ranking Republican leader in the Senate. I hope you will join this
      powerful Republican organization.
      Again, let me congratulate you on your unanimous nomination for Inner
      Circle membership and urge you to accept this honor as soon as possible.
      On behalf of President Bush, I look forward to working with you in the
      future.
      Sincerely,
    
  
